1,4c1,4
< "During one of our weekly fraud training meetings, the fraud prevention manager encouraged all the employees to continue to work hard to prevent passport fraud."
< "I often times observed clinicians taking a leadership position. An example of this would be my boss, [name]. The first semester I worked this internship I worked underneath a different clinician. When this clinician left and took another job, there was a vacancy of who would be my new mentor. [Boss] stepped up to the role and she did an amazing job. This act of leadership taught me a lot about what it means to be a team letter and to be committed to your job."
< "I was in charge of leading the renovation budget project. I brought the team together and determined who would be in charge of what improvements. I had them give me updates on how their part was going and then at the end, we all sat down and put together the budget. It was very effective and efficient and it allowed to be a leader and learn how to delegate."
< Lead a project in which I had to collaborate with people from different departments and had to report the progress to senior engineers on a bi-weekly basis
---
> "During one of our weekly fraud training meetings, the fraud prevention manager encouraged all the employees to continue to work hard to prevent passport fraud. "
> "I often times observed clinicians taking a leadership position. An example of this would be my boss, Sarah Allen. The first semester I worked this internship I worked underneath a different clinician. When this clinician left and took another job, there was a vacancy of who would be my new mentor. Sarah stepped up to the role and she did an amazing job. This act of leadership taught me a lot about what it means to be a team letter and to be committed to your job. "
> "I was in charge of leading the renovation budget project. I brought the team together and determined who would be in charge of what improvements. I had them give me updates on how their part was going and then at the end, we all sat down and put together the budget. It was very effective and efficient and it allowed to be a leader and learn how to delegate. "
> - Lead a project in which I had to collaborate with people from different departments and had to report the progress to senior engineers on a bi-weekly basis
6,9c6,9
< "During WISE Choice day, a day that showcase WISE and its offerings to senior highs school girls I felt that I was able to serve as a leader. I was able to show these girls that it is empowering to be a women in a STEM even though more likely than not you will be in the minority. I was able to show that with perseverance, determination, and ambition would can reach your goals and pursue the career of your dreams. I felt that through this experience I was able to make the positive and lasting effect in my position as a WISE mentor."
< "During WISE Choice day, a day that showcase WISE and its offerings to senior high school girls I felt that I was able to serve as a leader. I was able to show these girls that it is empowering to be a women in a STEM even though more likely than not you will be in the minority. I was able to show that with perseverance, determination, and ambition would can reach your goals and pursue the career of your dreams. I felt that through this experience I was able to make the positive and lasting effect in my position as a WISE mentor."
< "(this is repeated from before, but also with the stipulation that throughout this whole process I performed the basic-level shifts to show how they *should* be done, providing an example to strive towards). When I started up as CPT, a bunch of SPOs were, basically, awful- sleeping in cars, not scanning all buildings, not meeting scan times, going inside, ect. This was at first due to lack of viewable scans (when we were transitioning between systems), but it continued afterwards once the norm of ""slacking"" was established. Changing that was difficult and took many tough conversations and arm-twisting (both for SGTs and LTs to watch for this, as well as with the offending SPOs). With our low numbers now and lack of scan checks with the move and issues for the past month beforehand, there was a danger that this slack-ness would return. I am happy to say it has not, which I think is attributable to a new norm of *quality* to the shifts done, even if we are low on SPOs."
< "This semester, my main priority was to create a training program for future medical scribes that the Sullivan Center hires. I completed a program that had 8 modules for various educational areas that were required for obtaining an adequate understanding of the roles and responsibilities of a scribe. Additionally, I worked on creating templates within out electronic health record system for various illnesses so that the documentation process could be more thorough and standardized throughout the clinic. Therefore, I was a source that the center utilized for their providers to achieve their vision of having a uniform electronic healthcare system to improve efficiency and patient care."
---
> "During WISE Choice day, a day that showcase WISE and its offerings to senior highs school girls I felt that I was able to serve as a leader. I was able to show these girls that it is empowering to be a women in a STEM even though more likely than not you will be in the minority. I was able to show that with perseverance, determination, and ambition would can reach your goals and pursue the career of your dreams. I felt that through this experience I was able to make the positive and lasting effect in my position as a WISE mentor. "
> "During WISE Choice day, a day that showcase WISE and its offerings to senior high school girls I felt that I was able to serve as a leader. I was able to show these girls that it is empowering to be a women in a STEM even though more likely than not you will be in the minority. I was able to show that with perseverance, determination, and ambition would can reach your goals and pursue the career of your dreams. I felt that through this experience I was able to make the positive and lasting effect in my position as a WISE mentor. "
> "(this is repeated from before, but also with the stipulation that throughout this whole process I performed the basic-level shifts to show how they *should* be done, providing an example to strive towards). When I started up as CPT, a bunch of SPOs were, basically, awful- sleeping in cars, not scanning all buildings, not meeting scan times, going inside, ect. This was at first due to lack of viewable scans (when we were transitioning between systems), but it continued afterwards once the norm of ""slacking"" was established. Changing that was difficult and took many tough conversations and arm-twisting (both for SGTs and LTs to watch for this, as well as with the offending SPOs). With our low numbers now and lack of scan checks with the move and issues for the past month beforehand, there was a danger that this slack-ness would return. I am happy to say it has not, which I think is attributable to a new norm of *quality* to the shifts done, even if we are low on SPOs. "
> "¥ This semester, my main priority was to create a training program for future medical scribes that the Sullivan Center hires. I completed a program that had 8 modules for various educational areas that were required for obtaining an adequate understanding of the roles and responsibilities of a scribe. Additionally, I worked on creating templates within out electronic health record system for various illnesses so that the documentation process could be more thorough and standardized throughout the clinic. Therefore, I was a source that the center utilized for their providers to achieve their vision of having a uniform electronic healthcare system to improve efficiency and patient care. "
12,13c12,13
< "A good example of leadership would be the agents in my office planning for the fair. We all sat down and came up with what each agent wanted to do at the fair. We had a group discussion about what each person thought they could do to help the other with their idea and delegated tasks that we could do to help each other. We could have just all done something on our own but instead we all helped each other with the planning, preparing, and running of each other's activity for the fair. Everyone helped each other and used their strengths to assist the others. It was a great example of how much better events can be when people contributed their strengths to achieve an overall goal."
< "A large component of my internship involves empowering the girls in the program to love themselves and lead healthy, active lifestyles. At the beginning of each after-school meeting, the girls have a journal prompt that asks them to reflect on the previous lesson we discussed and then allowing them to share their thoughts. I believe this was an incredible way to me to analyze progress and present future topics that needed to be implemented again. From their journal reflections, I felt that I watched the girls grow more confident in themselves. Middle school girls commonly never discuss with friends or family some of the sensitive topics we go over. By sharing their thoughts, they were able to connect with each other and feel united by their feelings."
---
> "A good example of leadership would be the agents in my office planning for the fair. We all sat down and came up with what each agent wanted to do at the fair. We had a group discussion about what each person thought they could do to help the other with their idea and delegated tasks that we could do to help each other. We could have just all done something on our own but instead we all helped each other with the planning, preparing, and running of each otherÕs activity for the fair. Everyone helped each other and used their strengths to assist the others. It was a great example of how much better events can be when people contributed their strengths to achieve an overall goal. "
> "A large component of my internship involves empowering the girls in the program to love themselves and lead healthy, active lifestyles. At the beginning of each after-school meeting, the girls have a journal prompt that asks them to reflect on the previous lesson we discussed and then allowing them to share their thoughts. I believe this was an incredible way to me to analyze progress and present future topics that needed to be implemented again. From their journal reflections, I felt that I watched the girls grow more confident in themselves. Middle school girls commonly never discuss with friends or family some of the sensitive topics we go over. By sharing their thoughts, they were able to connect with each other and feel united by their feelings. "
18c18
< "A major part of my internship required me to organize material and set-up meetings and discussions with our core team. During one of recent meetings, I served as the lead facilitator and engaged our team in discussions about expanding the nursing program and coordinating our course for next semester. Leading a meeting with senior professors in the nursing program was a unique and rewarding experience. I was able to showcase my organization and leadership skills."
---
> "A major part of my internship required me to organize material and set-up meetings and discussions with our core team. During one of recent meetings, I served as the lead facilitator and engaged our team in discussions about expanding the nursing program and coordinating our course for next semester. Leading a meeting with senior professors in the nursing program was a unique and rewarding experience. I was able to showcase my organization and leadership skills. "
20c20
< "A new production line was being started for a valued customer at the production facility. I was trained to implement time studies as well as work instructions for the new line. My supervisor, made me and a team of people work on it on the same. Various decisions ranging from material planning, number of parts produced, scrap information as well as time taken to produce a single part were made by my supervisor along with a team of colleagues. It was a good experience for me. I also attended scrap meetings which took place with the COO of the plant. Scrap evaluation was done in those meetings."
---
> "A new production line was being started for a valued customer at the production facility. I was trained to implement time studies as well as work instructions for the new line. My supervisor, made me and a team of people work on it on the same. Various decisions ranging from material planning, number of parts produced, scrap information as well as time taken to produce a single part were made by my supervisor along with a team of colleagues. It was a good experience for me. I also attended scrap meetings which took place with the COO of the plant. Scrap evaluation was done in those meetings. "
22,23c22,23
< "A section of student patrol involves the locking of academic buildings on a schedule every night. In the recent months, training new people was becoming difficult because many of our trainers would take different paths which confused the trainee. I needed a standard way to train everyone so that it would be easier for the trainee's to remember, and therefore pass their certifications. My co-captain and I asked our lieutenants to think of a way of standardizing it, after multiple ideas being tossed around we landed on letting the Buildings Lieutenant video her route and post it to our collective google drive so that we could have standards set."
< "A significant part of my position was to act as the President Business Ambassador. I brought together 16 student volunteers to aid with multiple events on-campus. We were successful in completing these events in a professional, efficient way. Together, we were able to provide incoming students with the knowledge and confidence they will need to be successful at Clemson."
---
> "A section of student patrol involves the locking of academic buildings on a schedule every night. In the recent months, training new people was becoming difficult because many of our trainers would take different paths which confused the trainee. I needed a standard way to train everyone so that it would be easier for the trainee's to remember, and therefore pass their certifications. My co-captain and I asked our lieutenants to think of a way of standardizing it, after multiple ideas being tossed around we landed on letting the Buildings Lieutenant video her route and post it to our collective google drive so that we could have standards set. "
> "A significant part of my position was to act as the President Business Ambassador. I brought together 16 student volunteers to aid with multiple events on-campus. We were successful in completing these events in a professional, efficient way. Together, we were able to provide incoming students with the knowledge and confidence they will need to be successful at Clemson. "
26c26
< A time that I helped employees express different opinions was when I went to a meeting with [name] where we met with the new Communications Director at Sikes hall and talked about her goals for the future and [name] and I had different ideas as to what should be done and we all worked together to express them in a productive way. I even helped lead the conversation when talking about the marketing strategy.
---
> A time that I helped employees express different opinions was when I went to a meeting with Reagan where we met with the new Communications Director at Sikes hall and talked about her goals for the future and Reagan and I had different ideas as to what should be done and we all worked together to express them in a productive way. I even helped lead the conversation when talking about the marketing strategy.
29,31c29,31
< "After discussing how to lead workshops with my fellow interns, I shared the idea we came up with to go about them in a different, yet more effective, way."
< "After losing the first mentor, both [name] and I had to step up and assume positions of leadership. We debated the best use of our time, the best design for a product, and possible solutions to problems we encountered."
< "After our events were over, I gathered people in order to get feedback on the events. It was important for me to gain valuable feedback so that the events are even better next year."
---
> "After discussing how to lead workshops with my fellow interns, I shared the idea we came up with to go about them in a different, yet more effective, way. "
> "After losing the first mentor, both Wilson and I had to step up and assume positions of leadership. We debated the best use of our time, the best design for a product, and possible solutions to problems we encountered. "
> "After our events were over, I gathered people in order to get feedback on the events. It was important for me to gain valuable feedback so that the events are even better next year. "
33,35c33,35
< "After the Entrepreneurship and Innovation Celebration, [name] and I presented our work and accomplishments throughout the semester to the Spiro Board, and described how we'd been leading the initiative to spread entrepreneurship more widely across the seven different colleges here on campus. We received very positive feedback and enthusiasm from this group of stakeholders to continue encouraging our efforts."
< "Again, because of the division in work and many projects nearly complete in design, it was difficult to take leadership. I noticed the way work was distributed was based on where each of our strengths lied, with one being great with technical drawings and knowing the firm's standards, somebody else being strong with materials and attention to detail, and mine being able to make presentable work to appeal to clients. Because of this, work was divided up by who had the best strengths for a project and passed on when another's strength was required."
< "Again, during our lean events, Lisa and I brought together large groups on people and had to get them to agree on a new process. We had to keep in mind the larger goals of the university and keep everyone aligned on what we wanted and how to achieve it moving forward."
---
> "After the Entrepreneurship and Innovation Celebration, Helen and I presented our work and accomplishments throughout the semester to the Spiro Board, and described how we'd been leading the initiative to spread entrepreneurship more widely across the seven different colleges here on campus. We received very positive feedback and enthusiasm from this group of stakeholders to continue encouraging our efforts."
> "Again, because of the division in work and many projects nearly complete in design, it was difficult to take leadership. I noticed the way work was distributed was based on where each of our strengths lied, with one being great with technical drawings and knowing the firm's standards, somebody else being strong with materials and attention to detail, and mine being able to make presentable work to appeal to clients. Because of this, work was divided up by who had the best strengths for a project and passed on when another's strength was required. "
> "Again, during our lean events, Lisa and I brought together large groups on people and had to get them to agree on a new process. We had to keep in mind the larger goals of the university and keep everyone aligned on what we wanted and how to achieve it moving forward. "
37c37
< "Again, teaching the MedEx students allowed me to expand on my leadership skills, show them what the mission of the program was, and assist them in working through this."
---
> "Again, teaching the MedEx students allowed me to expand on my leadership skills, show them what the mission of the program was, and assist them in working through this. "
39,40c39,40
< "[Name] and I spent a lot of time working together, so it was very important to me that we both had our voices heard when creating something. Most specifically, we had the task of creating a powerpoint slide, and wanted to bring all of our ideas together to make something we could be proud of. Sharing that common goal helped us to be respectful of each other, and have a final product that incorporated elements contributed by both of us."
< "Aligning group objectives with global objectives was one of my primary roles in my internship. I was working with teams who are working on a variety of projects to address needs in Haiti. In order to help them progress, I would often help them align their narrow objectives such as writing a literature review to why they are doing it. There was a constant need for relating small goals to global issues, particularly the global water crisis."
---
> "Alexander and I spent a lot of time working together, so it was very important to me that we both had our voices heard when creating something. Most specifically, we had the task of creating a powerpoint slide, and wanted to bring all of our ideas together to make something we could be proud of. Sharing that common goal helped us to be respectful of each other, and have a final product that incorporated elements contributed by both of us."
> "Aligning group objectives with global objectives was one of my primary roles in my internship. I was working with teams who are working on a variety of projects to address needs in Haiti. In order to help them progress, I would often help them align their narrow objectives such as writing a literature review to why they are doing it. There was a constant need for relating small goals to global issues, particularly the global water crisis. "
47,49c47,49
< "Along with a talented, driven group of Clemson students, I am helping to create Clemson large-scale University hackathon. Fashioned in the style of MLH.io, CUhackit will be open to all students and will encourage team-oriented problem solving over the course of the 23-hour event. Knowing that this event is being planned, I approached my mentor, [mentor], about the possibility of our team partnering with CUhackit. I recognized that both organizations goals and interests aligned and had resources that synergize well. After approaching [mentor], I was able to secure resources that would advance CUhackit through the use of Guidebook. This was a win-win for both organizations."
< "Although I usually complete intern tasks, and don't take a great leadership role in the office, I set a standard for myself to partner with and support the office as a servant leader by completing tasks to the best of my ability."
< "Although I was not there for meetings about nutrition that were conducted with the various members of sports teams, I have observed my mentor capitalize on the different strengths and backgrounds of student athletes when having meetings regarding their nutrition. Athletes arrange to meet with my mentor to develop a nutrition plan that is unique to their body type and sport. Being able to adjust and compensate for the wants and needs of athletes as well as utilize their strengths and weaknesses is essential in these meetings."
---
> "Along with a talented, driven group of Clemson students, I am helping to create Clemson large-scale University hackathon. Fashioned in the style of MLH.io, CUhackit will be open to all students and will encourage team-oriented problem solving over the course of the 23-hour event. Knowing that this event is being planned, I approached my mentor, Sam, about the possibility of our team partnering with CUhackit. I recognized that both organizations goals and interests aligned and had resources that synergize well. After approaching Sam, I was able to secure resources that would advance CUhackit through the use of Guidebook. This was a win-win for both organizations."
> "Although I usually complete intern tasks, and don't take a great leadership role in the office, I set a standard for myself to partner with and support the office as a servant leader by completing tasks to the best of my ability. "
> "Although I was not there for meetings about nutrition that were conducted with the various members of sports teams, I have observed my mentor capitalize on the different strengths and backgrounds of student athletes when having meetings regarding their nutrition. Athletes arrange to meet with my mentor to develop a nutrition plan that is unique to their body type and sport. Being able to adjust and compensate for the wants and needs of athletes as well as utilize their strengths and weaknesses is essential in these meetings. "
51c51
< "Although this job did not have a specific leadership position, by taking initiative ,when I had no direction available, to complete an assignment would be an act of leadership to complete a common goal."
---
> "Although this job did not have a specific leadership position, by taking initiative ,when I had no direction available, to complete an assignment would be an act of leadership to complete a common goal. "
59,61c59,61
< "As a manager of the RV parking for football season at the Snow Family Outdoor Fitness and Wellness Center, I was a leader and had to keep everyone interested in parking (over 300 people) up-to-date and aware of what was happening. Since there was construction on the property, things worked differently than normal, and I had to guide those interested, and help answer questions about why the reservation process was so complex."
< "As a member of the HR Engagement Committee, I encouraged others to take a well-rounded approach to getting to know there colleagues and giving back to the greater Clemson community. I led my team through a series of service projects that would benefit the entire HR office. For example, our food and toiletry drive was most successful as we worked together to determine a donation and pick up schedule."
< "As a mentor, I am responsible for helping the freshman adjust to college life, set goals, and stay organized and responsible for their own education. I served as a conduit during registration and housing sign up for my mentees. I was able to listen to their goals and then apply them in a way that would help them, keep them on track, and eventually, achieve them during their time in college."
---
> "As a manager of the RV parking for football season at the Snow Family Outdoor Fitness and Wellness Center, I was a leader and had to keep everyone interested in parking (over 300 people) up-to-date and aware of what was happening. Since there was construction on the property, things worked differently than normal, and I had to guide those interested, and help answer questions about why the reservation process was so complex. "
> "As a member of the HR Engagement Committee, I encouraged others to take a well-rounded approach to getting to know there colleagues and giving back to the greater Clemson community. I led my team through a series of service projects that would benefit the entire HR office. For example, our food and toiletry drive was most successful as we worked together to determine a donation and pick up schedule. "
> "As a mentor, I am responsible for helping the freshman adjust to college life, set goals, and stay organized and responsible for their own education. I served as a conduit during registration and housing sign up for my mentees. I was able to listen to their goals and then apply them in a way that would help them, keep them on track, and eventually, achieve them during their time in college. "
63c63
< "As a more experienced employee in the pressroom, I am often responsible for leading and encouraging in standards of practice so that we meet all of the Institute's goals and represent the Institute in the best way that we can."
---
> "As a more experienced employee in the pressroom, I am often responsible for leading and encouraging in standards of practice so that we meet all of the Institute's goals and represent the Institute in the best way that we can. "
66c66
< "As a UPIC, I am a leader within the CI lab. I have given presentations on studies, helped other students create and implement their own studies, and communicated expectations and tasks needed to be done. I have also presented at Clemson's FOCI and plan to present at a Southeastern Psychological Association conference this spring to communicate the findings of a study that my group implemented."
---
> "As a UPIC, I am a leader within the CI lab. I have given presentations on studies, helped other students create and implement their own studies, and communicated expectations and tasks needed to be done. I have also presented at Clemson's FOCI and plan to present at a Southeastern Psychological Association conference this spring to communicate the findings of a study that my group implemented. "
71c71
< "As an intern at Clemson CAPS, I assist the broader organizational goals of the entire organization by promoting mental health awareness, and using my unique position as both Clemson student, and CAPS employee to promote the services we provide and assist in executing the long term goals of the organization. For example, I attended a Health Fair put on by Clemson where [name] and I handed out brochures of the various programs CAPS offers, and met with interested students to walk them through the process of requesting counseling and meeting with clinicians in CAPS."
---
> "As an intern at Clemson CAPS, I assist the broader organizational goals of the entire organization by promoting mental health awareness, and using my unique position as both Clemson student, and CAPS employee to promote the services we provide and assist in executing the long term goals of the organization. For example, I attended a Health Fair put on by Clemson where Savannah and I handed out brochures of the various programs CAPS offers, and met with interested students to walk them through the process of requesting counseling and meeting with clinicians in CAPS. "
73c73
< "As an intern in the development office, when I first started working there the onboarding process was very complicated and if you were not the meticulous it was easy to not learn necessary materials. I proposed to my boss that I take on a project to create an entire new intern manual from scratch. This manual would have everything from the confidentiality pledge to instructions how to communicate with donors and everything in between. At first she was reluctant to have a first-year intern handle such a large task, but was convinced when I showed her my rough draft plan and explained how I knew what would be best to go in the manual because of my experience going through onboarding as an intern. After agreeing to let me create this manual and new onboarding system, I worked to create a very thorough, robust, and informational new intern manual. I took feedback from the other interns and team members we worked with to create a one-inch thick binder that all the incoming interns will use to become an immersed member of the Development Team. When I showed my boss what I had created, she was impressed with the thoroughness of the information and suggested that I help train the interns for the following year."
---
> "As an intern in the development office, when I first started working there the onboarding process was very complicated and if you were not the meticulous it was easy to not learn necessary materials. I proposed to my boss that I take on a project to create an entire new intern manual from scratch. This manual would have everything from the confidentiality pledge to instructions how to communicate with donors and everything in between. At first she was reluctant to have a first-year intern handle such a large task, but was convinced when I showed her my rough draft plan and explained how I knew what would be best to go in the manual because of my experience going through onboarding as an intern. After agreeing to let me create this manual and new onboarding system, I worked to create a very thorough, robust, and informational new intern manual. I took feedback from the other interns and team members we worked with to create a one-inch thick binder that all the incoming interns will use to become an immersed member of the Development Team. When I showed my boss what I had created, she was impressed with the thoroughness of the information and suggested that I help train the interns for the following year. "
75,77c75,77
< "As an intern your are pretty much at the bottom of the food chain. Leadership at this level is personal responsibility. Making sure you are to work on time, doing more than you are asked, and keeping a good attitude is what is really important."
< "As an intern, it was difficult to find leadership opportunities. But, I was lucky to fall under incredible leadership. My supervisor inspired and pushed for an entire rebranding for the company a few months before I started. This not only included the Marketing department but also the majority of the company would be experiencing major changes. But my supervisor saw it as a massive opportunity than a challenge and he took everyone's strengths and made a great work force to continuing to make it work. The company is still working through the changes but the way he lead and viewed everyone on the team is what created so much success."
< "As being a seasoned intern with the Senate, the new interns often come to me with questions or asking for advice with their tasks."
---
> "As an intern your are pretty much at the bottom of the food chain. Leadership at this level is personal responsibility. Making sure you are to work on time, doing more than you are asked, and keeping a good attitude is what is really important. "
> "As an intern, it was difficult to find leadership opportunities. But, I was lucky to fall under incredible leadership. My supervisor inspired and pushed for an entire rebranding for the company a few months before I started. This not only included the Marketing department but also the majority of the company would be experiencing major changes. But my supervisor saw it as a massive opportunity than a challenge and he took everyone's strengths and made a great work force to continuing to make it work. The company is still working through the changes but the way he lead and viewed everyone on the team is what created so much success. "
> "As being a seasoned intern with the Senate, the new interns often come to me with questions or asking for advice with their tasks. "
80c80
< As I am still in the learning process I have not lead others in any large amounts. I have observed and learned from my mentor [mentor's] leadership skills. He helps keep colleagues on track by notifying them on problems and requesting periodic updates. He also presses 3rd party employees to meet deadlines and holds them accountable for not meeting them. (We had issues with programmers missing deadlines and switched to a different company)
---
> As I am still in the learning process I have not lead others in any large amounts. I have observed and learned from my mentor Mark's leadership skills. He helps keep colleagues on track by notifying them on problems and requesting periodic updates. He also presses 3rd party employees to meet deadlines and holds them accountable for not meeting them. (We had issues with programmers missing deadlines and switched to a different company)
85,86c85,86
< "As I mentioned in the earlier competency, I was able to sit in on a team meeting where everyone's challenge documents were discussed and assessed. I was able to observe how my supervisor was able to capitalize on the group member's strengths and help member's when they needed it. Some of the group member's needed ideas on how to assess the groups during their challenge so that they could decide on a winner. My supervisor was able to ask another group member to share their rubric so that they could come up with their own rubric for their challenges."
< "As I said before, I led a team to install equipment in our factory. I had to discuss the results of the project to the manager over the project."
---
> "As I mentioned in the earlier competency, I was able to sit in on a team meeting where everyone's challenge documents were discussed and assessed. I was able to observe how my supervisor was able to capitalize on the group member's strengths and help member's when they needed it. Some of the group member's needed ideas on how to assess the groups during their challenge so that they could decide on a winner. My supervisor was able to ask another group member to share their rubric so that they could come up with their own rubric for their challenges. "
> "As I said before, I led a team to install equipment in our factory. I had to discuss the results of the project to the manager over the project. "
89,90c89,90
< "As mentioned above, I lead a project at my work place called Power BI dashboard creation which requires a joint effort from many engineers. Originally being my idea, very often I empower and motivate people to get tasks done."
< "As mentioned before, writers, photographers, and copy editors worked together alongside me in order to reach the common goal of a finished UPIC magazine."
---
> "As mentioned above, I lead a project at my work place called Power BI dashboard creation which requires a joint effort from many engineers. Originally being my idea, very often I empower and motivate people to get tasks done. "
> "As mentioned before, writers, photographers, and copy editors worked together alongside me in order to reach the common goal of a finished UPIC magazine. "
92c92
< "As mentioned previously, I served as the leader of a open discussion about our visibility. This was something I requested we talk about during the agenda for the meeting, and wanted to see all interns have a stake in."
---
> "As mentioned previously, I served as the leader of a open discussion about our visibility. This was something I requested we talk about during the agenda for the meeting, and wanted to see all interns have a stake in. "
94c94
< "As mentors, we have weekly group meetings with all of the other mentors and [mentor]. During the meetings we always go through information of the week such as events coming up, information to pass along to our mentees, or a guest speaker. I input my opinion or provide insight on certain topics such as things pertaining to my major, Chemical Engineering. I am also one of the only two hispanic mentors so sometimes I have a different point of view on things and how we can help the hispanic mentees such as when we talked about DACA."
---
> "As mentors, we have weekly group meetings with all of the other mentors and Ms. Lisa. During the meetings we always go through information of the week such as events coming up, information to pass along to our mentees, or a guest speaker. I input my opinion or provide insight on certain topics such as things pertaining to my major, Chemical Engineering. I am also one of the only two hispanic mentors so sometimes I have a different point of view on things and how we can help the hispanic mentees such as when we talked about DACA. "
106c106
< "As the intern who has worked here the longest, [name] has entrusted me with helping other interns to complete their assignments."
---
> "As the intern who has worked here the longest, Ashley has entrusted me with helping other interns to complete their assignments. "
108c108
< "As the UPIC intern and the president of the student org for FIRST, my duties for each would frequently combine. With that in mind, over the course of the semester, a lot of the events that FIRST held were planned by the student org, so being the intern helped the communication between the director and the student org. There were multiple meetings held, and I led them and made sure that everyone on the committee was able to voice their opinion, and that their point of view was discussed. Through these meetings, we were able to organize and implement multiple successful fundraisers, the retreat, and multiple social events to bring the students closer together."
---
> "As the UPIC intern and the president of the student org for FIRST, my duties for each would frequently combine. With that in mind, over the course of the semester, a lot of the events that FIRST held were planned by the student org, so being the intern helped the communication between the director and the student org. There were multiple meetings held, and I led them and made sure that everyone on the committee was able to voice their opinion, and that their point of view was discussed. Through these meetings, we were able to organize and implement multiple successful fundraisers, the retreat, and multiple social events to bring the students closer together. "
110a111
> asdf
112c113
< "At Campus Banner and Design, both design and printing are crucial to the success of the business. Although I stayed mostly in the production area (printing) throughout most of the internship. I was able to help other design interns when they needed advice when designing. I may have worked in production, but everyone was confident in my designing abilities and asked me for constructive criticism."
---
> "At Campus Banner and Design, both design and printing are crucial to the success of the business. Although I stayed mostly in the production area (printing) throughout most of the internship. I was able to help other design interns when they needed advice when designing. I may have worked in production, but everyone was confident in my designing abilities and asked me for constructive criticism. "
114,115c115,116
< "At Clemson, I worked on a persona project with my supervisor to create personas and examples of students that might apply to Clemson. We were the head of that project, and we invited many others in her department into a meeting to brainstorm and come up with ideas to describe the various personas. We kept notes and then I compiled and finalized the information after the meeting. That was a great experience for me, and I really enjoyed working with the group of people to come up with fun and creative ideas."
< "At Disney there is a platform on our company page called ""Grape Soda"" which is an area where you can recognize other cast members for various strengths they show during the work day. I have received a few of these recognitions and have witnessed a coordinator writing them for other members of the work force recognizing them for strengths such as efficiency or respect. They are not required to send these in, but they do so we know that we are doing a good job at what we are doing."
---
> "At Clemson, I worked on a persona project with my supervisor to create personas and examples of students that might apply to Clemson. We were the head of that project, and we invited many others in her department into a meeting to brainstorm and come up with ideas to describe the various personas. We kept notes and then I compiled and finalized the information after the meeting. That was a great experience for me, and I really enjoyed working with the group of people to come up with fun and creative ideas. "
> "At Disney there is a platform on our company page called ""Grape Soda"" which is an area where you can recognize other cast members for various strengths they show during the work day. I have received a few of these recognitions and have witnessed a coordinator writing them for other members of the work force recognizing them for strengths such as efficiency or respect. They are not required to send these in, but they do so we know that we are doing a good job at what we are doing. "
118,120c119,121
< "at mentor group meetings, I ask for the opinion of others."
< "At my internship with CAPS I work with another intern. We would collaborate a lot of different projects. For the tabling event for October we had to come up with creative ways to raise awareness for domestic violence. Our mentor suggested we give out pens on library bridge; however, my coworker thought stickers would be better considering college students use them more often. I encouraged my coworker to tell our mentor that the stickers had a potential to be better for reaching students. She was hesitant because she didn't want to interfere with our mentors plans, but after encouraging her that it was a great idea she went to our mentor and told her. In the end we ended up using the stickers for our tabling event instead of pens."
< "At of our first meeting of the semester we had to establish some new goals and determine what we wanted to focus on. Since my supervisor encourages us to be independent, the other intern and I were able to lead the conversation and express our ideas. We also listened to the ideas of the other people on our team and by the end of the meeting we felt confident in the goals we had established."
---
> "at mentor group meetings, I ask for the opinion of others. "
> "At my internship with CAPS I work with another intern. We would collaborate a lot of different projects. For the tabling event for October we had to come up with creative ways to raise awareness for domestic violence. Our mentor suggested we give out pens on library bridge; however, my coworker thought stickers would be better considering college students use them more often. I encouraged my coworker to tell our mentor that the stickers had a potential to be better for reaching students. She was hesitant because she didn't want to interfere with our mentors plans, but after encouraging her that it was a great idea she went to our mentor and told her. In the end we ended up using the stickers for our tabling event instead of pens. "
> "At of our first meeting of the semester we had to establish some new goals and determine what we wanted to focus on. Since my supervisor encourages us to be independent, the other intern and I were able to lead the conversation and express our ideas. We also listened to the ideas of the other people on our team and by the end of the meeting we felt confident in the goals we had established. "
123c124
< "At Tesla we do this every single day. The environment here is nothing short of a positive, encouraging atmosphere where people are always pushing you to achieve more and better the company's overall goal."
---
> "At Tesla we do this every single day. The environment here is nothing short of a positive, encouraging atmosphere where people are always pushing you to achieve more and better the company's overall goal. "
126,128c127,129
< "At the beginning of the internship with Healthy Campus, I completed CPE or Certified Peer Educator training. Through this two day experience, I communicated and collaborated with multiple Clemson students. We all collectively built an atmosphere where different points of view were developed to achieve a common goal."
< "At the beginning of the project, our site mentor was called away to deal with other important projects he's maintaining across the world. As such, one of his newly patented graduate students elected to step in and help guide us with our individual projects. That act of selfless leadership was inspiring as it was helpful."
< "At the beginning of this semester, I facilitated a conversation between my mentor, myself, and my fellow intern to discuss how our roles would change due to our reduced hours during the semester and how we could accomplish the increased needs due to do the upcoming football games."
---
> "At the beginning of the internship with Healthy Campus, I completed CPE or Certified Peer Educator training. Through this two day experience, I communicated and collaborated with multiple Clemson students. We all collectively built an atmosphere where different points of view were developed to achieve a common goal. "
> "At the beginning of the project, our site mentor was called away to deal with other important projects he's maintaining across the world. As such, one of his newly patented graduate students elected to step in and help guide us with our individual projects. That act of selfless leadership was inspiring as it was helpful. "
> "At the beginning of this semester, I facilitated a conversation between my mentor, myself, and my fellow intern to discuss how our roles would change due to our reduced hours during the semester and how we could accomplish the increased needs due to do the upcoming football games. "
130,132c131,133
< "at the conscious college road tour town hall, we encouraged students to come up with ideas that could help make Clemson a more sustainable campus. we worked to develop an idea that everyone liked and everyone had a role in making it come to life."
< "At the end of my project, I helped a few other graduate students in completion of their own. In the beginning each one sat down with me and we developed a schedule that best fits their needs on the projects as well as my needs as a student taking 10 credits of classes. They then carefully chose tasked I was most likely able to complete in the allotted time each day."
< "At the end of November, my partner and I with a few members of the water team traveled to the village of Morne Michel where previous interns had worked and where CEDC is planning to work in the future. Due to the eighteen-month between the last set of interns and myself in May of this year, all information possessed by CEDC on Morne Michel was at least eighteen months old. I arranged for and organized our trip to the village to re-establish our connection with the community and to achieve the goals for the trip we'd set before we departed (including the completion of a land survey, gathering of GPS points of water sources of interest around the village, and retrieving test-able samples of this water for fecal coliforms.) Though pressed for time toward the end of our visit, we accomplished each of our objectives, compiled the information and reported to our site mentor and the group in Clemson working on the development plan for the village. CEDC has worked previously with a church in Columbia which has agreed to sponsor work in the village to whom after the information gathered has been further compiled with potential solutions will be presented."
---
> "at the conscious college road tour town hall, we encouraged students to come up with ideas that could help make Clemson a more sustainable campus. we worked to develop an idea that everyone liked and everyone had a role in making it come to life. "
> "At the end of my project, I helped a few other graduate students in completion of their own. In the beginning each one sat down with me and we developed a schedule that best fits their needs on the projects as well as my needs as a student taking 10 credits of classes. They then carefully chose tasked I was most likely able to complete in the allotted time each day. "
> "At the end of November, my partner and I with a few members of the water team traveled to the village of Morne Michel where previous interns had worked and where CEDC is planning to work in the future. Due to the eighteen-month between the last set of interns and myself in May of this year, all information possessed by CEDC on Morne Michel was at least eighteen months old. I arranged for and organized our trip to the village to re-establish our connection with the community and to achieve the goals for the trip we'd set before we departed (including the completion of a land survey, gathering of GPS points of water sources of interest around the village, and retrieving test-able samples of this water for fecal coliforms.) Though pressed for time toward the end of our visit, we accomplished each of our objectives, compiled the information and reported to our site mentor and the group in Clemson working on the development plan for the village. CEDC has worked previously with a church in Columbia which has agreed to sponsor work in the village to whom after the information gathered has been further compiled with potential solutions will be presented. "
136c137
< "Awareness: I observed a fellow intern (a girl) at CCPD recruit a group of motivated students to start their own Adobe training class by calling on a faculty member with expertise in the area. She realized there was a need for this type of training on campus and she did something about it! I am inspired by her determination and willingness to help others, as well as herself."
---
> "Awareness: I observed a fellow intern (a girl) at CCPD recruit a group of motivated students to start their own Adobe training class by calling on a faculty member with expertise in the area. She realized there was a need for this type of training on campus and she did something about it! I am inspired by her determination and willingness to help others, as well as herself. "
140,141c141,142
< "Before the beginning of every semester, the CEDC Board of Directors takes a retreat to discuss goals for the semester as they align with the goals of our organization over all. This semester, I decided to break up this day of dialogue and planning into two parts: Strategic Planning and Semester Planning, and I broke up these sessions into two days. This allowed for us to have discussions about the organizational goals in 3,5, and 10 years from now as well as discuss big-picture opportunities. Then in the semester planning session, we were able to bring these long-term ideas into the perspective of what could be executed within a semester. As Program Director, I had to plan and conduct these meetings as well as facilitate discussion. I centered the dialogue around our mission statement and pushed for us to develop a revised vision statement that would help the organization move forward. Then, I helped the board direct their thoughts about the upcoming semester in light of what our long term goals were determined to be. Our organization works internationally and serves the specified needs of a rural community, so our objectives are global ones and often align perfectly with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. For this reason, I also made the efforts this semester to incorporate lessons about the SDGs into our Creative Inquiry course so that students could be knowledgeable about why we are doing the work that we are doing. Each project, each task must align with the mission statement, so it has been vital in all meetings and classes this semester to bring the group back to our mission statement. It is our foundation and keeps us grounded when other things may be changing. The drafted vision statement helped us choose a direction for the semester and for the near and long-term future."
< "Before we began every session at camp, we would sit down with our staff for the weekend and go over the code of ethics. There is a level of accountability that counselors share and as the intern part of my job was to be a primary source of this accountability."
---
> "Before the beginning of every semester, the CEDC Board of Directors takes a retreat to discuss goals for the semester as they align with the goals of our organization over all. This semester, I decided to break up this day of dialogue and planning into two parts: Strategic Planning and Semester Planning, and I broke up these sessions into two days. This allowed for us to have discussions about the organizational goals in 3,5, and 10 years from now as well as discuss big-picture opportunities. Then in the semester planning session, we were able to bring these long-term ideas into the perspective of what could be executed within a semester. As Program Director, I had to plan and conduct these meetings as well as facilitate discussion. I centered the dialogue around our mission statement and pushed for us to develop a revised vision statement that would help the organization move forward. Then, I helped the board direct their thoughts about the upcoming semester in light of what our long term goals were determined to be. Our organization works internationally and serves the specified needs of a rural community, so our objectives are global ones and often align perfectly with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. For this reason, I also made the efforts this semester to incorporate lessons about the SDGs into our Creative Inquiry course so that students could be knowledgeable about why we are doing the work that we are doing. Each project, each task must align with the mission statement, so it has been vital in all meetings and classes this semester to bring the group back to our mission statement. It is our foundation and keeps us grounded when other things may be changing. The drafted vision statement helped us choose a direction for the semester and for the near and long-term future. "
> "Before we began every session at camp, we would sit down with our staff for the weekend and go over the code of ethics. There is a level of accountability that counselors share and as the intern part of my job was to be a primary source of this accountability. "
146c147
< "Being involved with many behind the scenes processes at CORE allowed me to see how effective leadership is implemented. My mentor, the CORE director, displayed a lot of leadership skills. He would have all the employees meet to discuss future prospects for CORE and how we can align our actions with the values and vision of CORE. He helped us develop our skills and recognize our potential."
---
> "Being involved with many behind the scenes processes at CORE allowed me to see how effective leadership is implemented. My mentor, the CORE director, displayed a lot of leadership skills. He would have all the employees meet to discuss future prospects for CORE and how we can align our actions with the values and vision of CORE. He helped us develop our skills and recognize our potential. "
149,151c150,152
< "Being that this is my second round with Upic, a lot of first round interns would often seek to my experience for advice or guidance to get a final product produced to the level of quaility desired."
< "Being the intern that has been here the longest, I often am face with questions from other interns on how processes go, what they should do, where they need to be, and so on. I don't mind this at all, I love where I work and I love helping the other interns as well."
< "Both Basic and Intermediate, I observed my mentor giving advice and gratitude toward the other employee in charge of the graphic communications and I often had an input on the graphic as well."
---
> "Being that this is my second round with Upic, a lot of first round interns would often seek to my experience for advice or guidance to get a final product produced to the level of quaility desired. "
> "Being the intern that has been here the longest, I often am face with questions from other interns on how processes go, what they should do, where they need to be, and so on. I don't mind this at all, I love where I work and I love helping the other interns as well. "
> "Both Basic and Intermediate, I observed my mentor giving advice and gratitude toward the other employee in charge of the graphic communications and I often had an input on the graphic as well. "
158,161c159,162
< "CAPS does a lot of group therapy which focuses on clients recognizing and using their strengths in order to alleviate symptoms of things like anxiety and depression. Although I cannot observe these sessions because of strict confidentiality rules, I have spoken to clinicians and have realized the benefits. These clinicians show tremendous leadership by leading a diverse group of students while they navigate issues that are often difficult to talk about. I have learned that these clinicians must remain calm and level headed and must be sensitive to the diverse backgrounds and needs of all clients. CAPS runs many therapy groups every week. They are successful because of the leadership shown by the clinicians and I know this is something I will bring into my future if I ever run therapy groups."
< "Club Sports holds monthly meetings with the Club Sports Association which includes all club officers. In these meetings, we are able to give the teams updates that are relevant to them and we also get feedback from the teams that we use to improve the program. Sometimes during these meetings, topics come up that teams are sensitive to, like the proposed changes for Student Organizations or funding changes, that spike some debate. Since we work to provide as much opportunity for all the clubs, these meetings are really useful in hearing from the clubs and using their input as best as we can."
< "Cold calling for large ad revenue, especially securing the chronicle sponsorship"
< "Coming directly from the collaboration answer, I was in charge of leading the communication and collaboration of our teams."
---
> "CAPS does a lot of group therapy which focuses on clients recognizing and using their strengths in order to alleviate symptoms of things like anxiety and depression. Although I cannot observe these sessions because of strict confidentiality rules, I have spoken to clinicians and have realized the benefits. These clinicians show tremendous leadership by leading a diverse group of students while they navigate issues that are often difficult to talk about. I have learned that these clinicians must remain calm and level headed and must be sensitive to the diverse backgrounds and needs of all clients. CAPS runs many therapy groups every week. They are successful because of the leadership shown by the clinicians and I know this is something I will bring into my future if I ever run therapy groups. "
> "Club Sports holds monthly meetings with the Club Sports Association which includes all club officers. In these meetings, we are able to give the teams updates that are relevant to them and we also get feedback from the teams that we use to improve the program. Sometimes during these meetings, topics come up that teams are sensitive to, like the proposed changes for Student Organizations or funding changes, that spike some debate. Since we work to provide as much opportunity for all the clubs, these meetings are really useful in hearing from the clubs and using their input as best as we can. "
> "Cold calling for large ad revenue, especially securing the chronicle sponsorship "
> "Coming directly from the collaboration answer, I was in charge of leading the communication and collaboration of our teams. "
166c167
< "Considering my relationship with the student athlete body, my supervisor had me learn a needs based approach when it came to sending out weekly wellness messages. The connection I had to the rest of the student athletes helped me understand the health topics to cover."
---
> "Considering my relationship with the student athlete body, my supervisor had me learn a needs based approach when it came to sending out weekly wellness messages. The connection I had to the rest of the student athletes helped me understand the health topics to cover. "
168c169
< "Creating and sharing our ideas on the health promotion videos of the new campaign is also an example of when I helped encourage discussion. We kept the discussion on the videos open to other's opinions, never closing off the discussion to only a select few. I tried to encourage other people's thoughts by asking, ""so what do you think?"" to provoke others' opinions,"
---
> "Creating and sharing our ideas on the health promotion videos of the new campaign is also an example of when I helped encourage discussion. We kept the discussion on the videos open to other's opinions, never closing off the discussion to only a select few. I tried to encourage other people's thoughts by asking, ""so what do you think?"" to provoke others' opinions, "
170c171
< "Daily, I questioned my fellow coworkers at our meeting to share what projects they were working on and asked how I could assist. I also encouraged them to pursue projects their talents were suited for."
---
> "Daily, I questioned my fellow coworkers at our meeting to share what projects they were working on and asked how I could assist. I also encouraged them to pursue projects their talents were suited for. "
172c173
< [Name] in lab meetings often pushed her grad students to find more literature about the projects they were working on as well as going to other professors in the field to ask questions about how to improve their projects to get a better understanding of what they were doing.
---
> Dil in lab meetings often pushed her grad students to find more literature about the projects they were working on as well as going to other professors in the field to ask questions about how to improve their projects to get a better understanding of what they were doing.
174,184c175,185
< "DPR's culture is the answer for this question. The company employees always consider each others perspective and does a lot of brain storming to come up with ideas or to solve any type of issues. I was never treated as an intern in this case. I always had the liberty to speak up for any situation and put in my ideas as well. This had always inspired me to get people who are new on the job - site, to communicate with others."
< [Mentor] is an excellent leader and treats everyone with utmost respect
< [Mentor] leading workshops
< "[Mentor] has multiple undergraduate students, and each with a specific set of knowledge and skills. I observed her capitalize on my own strengths, with my minor being in computer science. Many in her lab don't have that background and she from that, she put me on a project that was more computer science intensive than the what most of her students work on."
< [Mentor] is a great role model and I look up to her as she knows how to distribute tasks using peoples strengths and skills.
< "[Mentor] and I worked with CCIT to build the website into a source for information and interest for future party stop visit, a project I spearheaded."
< [Mentor] did very well in determining what each of our strengths were when assigning projects at the beginning of the semester
< [Mentor] is good at encouraging the best work out of her reserachers
< "[Mentor] was extremely proficient at capitalizing on the unique strengths of the team when approaching a new problem. Whenever there was graphic design work to be done, he'd charge those students specializing in graphic design to work together to achieve that portion of the goal. The same was for students with coding backgrounds, as well as fabrication backgrounds."
< [Mentor] showed me how to read and understand material and then turn that information into questions.
< "[Mentor] found ways to get me included in most, if not all of the current projects at Baruch. She took the time to get to know me and my skill set well, and proceeded to offer me a wide range of opportunities to work with other students and mentors. She saw the overlapping concepts between [name] and my research, and connected us to achieve mutual goals faster and more efficiently. [Another name] was very good at seeing people's strong suits and finding the best places and projects for them."
---
> "DPR's culture is the answer for this question. The company employees always consider each others perspective and does a lot of brain storming to come up with ideas or to solve any type of issues. I was never treated as an intern in this case. I always had the liberty to speak up for any situation and put in my ideas as well. This had always inspired me to get people who are new on the job - site, to communicate with others. "
> Dr. Ardern is an excellent leader and treats everyone with utmost respect
> Dr. Beecher leading workshops
> "Dr. Konkel has multiple undergraduate students, and each with a specific set of knowledge and skills. I observed her capitalize on my own strengths, with my minor being in computer science. Many in her lab don't have that background and she from that, she put me on a project that was more computer science intensive than the what most of her students work on."
> Dr. Lazar is a great role model and I look up to her as she knows how to distribute tasks using peoples strengths and skills.
> "Dr. Parker and I worked with CCIT to build the website into a source for information and interest for future party stop visit, a project I spearheaded. "
> Dr. Riggs did very well in determining what each of our strengths were when assigning projects at the beginning of the semester
> Dr. Riggs is good at encouraging the best work out of her reserachers
> "Dr. Ullmer was extremely proficient at capitalizing on the unique strengths of the team when approaching a new problem. Whenever there was graphic design work to be done, he'd charge those students specializing in graphic design to work together to achieve that portion of the goal. The same was for students with coding backgrounds, as well as fabrication backgrounds. "
> Dr. Vernon showed me how to read and understand material and then turn that information into questions.
> "Dr. Whitmire found ways to get me included in most, if not all of the current projects at Baruch. She took the time to get to know me and my skill set well, and proceeded to offer me a wide range of opportunities to work with other students and mentors. She saw the overlapping concepts between Parker Simmons and my research, and connected us to achieve mutual goals faster and more efficiently. Stefanie was very good at seeing people's strong suits and finding the best places and projects for them. "
186,187c187,188
< "During a monthly University Development Team meeting, I was able to sit in and observe how it normally operates. [Mentor], the VP of Development, lead the meeting with a cheerful attitude, and it was obvious that everyone at the meeting worked well together. During the meeting, several members from different departments and colleges within UDT were individually spotlighted for their incredible efforts in keeping a good relationship with their donors as well as being an asset to the team."
< "During a presentation I was presenting in, I encouraged questions and started discussions to ensure that everyone shared their point of view and we had as many ideas as possible from the meeting."
---
> "During a monthly University Development Team meeting, I was able to sit in and observe how it normally operates. Missy Ryan Penland, the VP of Development, lead the meeting with a cheerful attitude, and it was obvious that everyone at the meeting worked well together. During the meeting, several members from different departments and colleges within UDT were individually spotlighted for their incredible efforts in keeping a good relationship with their donors as well as being an asset to the team. "
> "During a presentation I was presenting in, I encouraged questions and started discussions to ensure that everyone shared their point of view and we had as many ideas as possible from the meeting. "
189c190
< "During a staff retreat, interns still came in and worked for a few hours. During those few hours, I made sure to keep the workflow going, despite the absence of the main staff for a short time."
---
> "During a staff retreat, interns still came in and worked for a few hours. During those few hours, I made sure to keep the workflow going, despite the absence of the main staff for a short time. "
191c192
< "During academic recovery workshops, I led students in small groups that focused on them reaching the shared goal and vision of transferring to Clemson and what ways they could reach that goal. We talked about the ways that they could be successful and I helped empowered them to reach those goals with positive interaction."
---
> "During academic recovery workshops, I led students in small groups that focused on them reaching the shared goal and vision of transferring to Clemson and what ways they could reach that goal. We talked about the ways that they could be successful and I helped empowered them to reach those goals with positive interaction. "
194c195
< "During lab meetings, [mentor] recognizes our accomplishments and facilitates us to interact or collaborate on specific aspects of our individual projects that may have some overlap"
---
> "During lab meetings, Dr. Alper recognizes our accomplishments and facilitates us to interact or collaborate on specific aspects of our individual projects that may have some overlap"
201,202c202,203
< "During multiple times during the semester, I've seen [mentor] organize events for the PEER/WISE program in which minority students of all ages visited Clemson. These events brung awareness to the students about STEM majors, and how people who look like us are underrepresented in those majors."
< "During my creation of marketing material for the Killam Fellowship program, I organized information sessions across campus for individual colleges. I recruited the other Killam fellows to participate in these information sessions, as well as other faculty of the Study Abroad office. I communicated with them the types of content that will be discussed at the presentations and organized the location/time of each meeting."
---
> "During multiple times during the semester, I've seen Mrs. Lisa organize events for the PEER/WISE program in which minority students of all ages visited Clemson. These events brung awareness to the students about STEM majors, and how people who look like us are underrepresented in those majors. "
> "During my creation of marketing material for the Killam Fellowship program, I organized information sessions across campus for individual colleges. I recruited the other Killam fellows to participate in these information sessions, as well as other faculty of the Study Abroad office. I communicated with them the types of content that will be discussed at the presentations and organized the location/time of each meeting. "
205,206c206,207
< "During my first few weeks of my internship I was still getting used to the lifestyle of working long days outdoors. The first time I met the owner of the farm, [name], he came and organized everyone to continue to work for a couple hours into the night. He was able to do this by reasoning with logic. The days were anywhere from 90-100 degrees while the nights dropping into the 70s. He led our small team to finish a subset fencing project before the excruciating heat the next day."
< "During my group meetings, I would encourage a discussion between my mentees and I by asking them about their experiences with that topic of the week in order to help those who were less experienced learn."
---
> "During my first few weeks of my internship I was still getting used to the lifestyle of working long days outdoors. The first time I met the owner of the farm, Tim, he came and organized everyone to continue to work for a couple hours into the night. He was able to do this by reasoning with logic. The days were anywhere from 90-100 degrees while the nights dropping into the 70s. He led our small team to finish a subset fencing project before the excruciating heat the next day. "
> "During my group meetings, I would encourage a discussion between my mentees and I by asking them about their experiences with that topic of the week in order to help those who were less experienced learn. "
209c210
< During my internship I was able to connect with [mentor] the CORE graduate assistant who works directly with the recreation and education. I was able to be align the objectives of CORE with the Wellness LLC's objectives. Allowing the connection of these two organizations to come together to work on having a hiking trip held for the LLC.
---
> During my internship I was able to connect with Tara Tecce the CORE graduate assistant who works directly with the recreation and education. I was able to be align the objectives of CORE with the Wellness LLCÕs objectives. Allowing the connection of these two organizations to come together to work on having a hiking trip held for the LLC.
213c214
< "During my internship period, my supervisor has assigned specific and different tasks to different members of our team. For a new employee who is familiar with a certain machine learning technique, he assigned projects directly related to that expertise to the new employee."
---
> "During my internship period, my supervisor has assigned specific and different tasks to different members of our team. For a new employee who is familiar with a certain machine learning technique, he assigned projects directly related to that expertise to the new employee. "
217c218
< "During my internship, I constantly encouraged other employees to take photos and ask users in the Makerspace to submit their creations to our email address. These resources would prove to be useful throughout the semester in order to advertise how the Makerspace is used. Each week we would have a team meeting in which I reported the successes of our social media campaigns to the other employees."
---
> "During my internship, I constantly encouraged other employees to take photos and ask users in the Makerspace to submit their creations to our email address. These resources would prove to be useful throughout the semester in order to advertise how the Makerspace is used. Each week we would have a team meeting in which I reported the successes of our social media campaigns to the other employees. "
219c220
< "During my internship, I had many leadership opportunities. Those opportunities normally came in the event planning process. These processes allowed me to step back and make sure everyone who had an opinion, had that opinion heard."
---
> "During my internship, I had many leadership opportunities. Those opportunities normally came in the event planning process. These processes allowed me to step back and make sure everyone who had an opinion, had that opinion heard. "
221c222
< "During my internship, I realized that there wasn't a space for presenters who co-presented a workshop to give feedback on how their partner presented. So, as part of my internship, I helped create a space for presenters to share feedback for one another."
---
> "During my internship, I realized that there wasn't a space for presenters who co-presented a workshop to give feedback on how their partner presented. So, as part of my internship, I helped create a space for presenters to share feedback for one another. "
223,224c224,225
< "During my internship, I was able to bring up the idea of whether or not it was important for young entrepreneurs to have corporate experience. This started a discussion that I led for a long time that was interesting."
< "During my internship, I was able to train the new Student Event Coordinator as this is my last semester working as an SEC. It was such a great experience to teach him all the ropes and little tricks of being an SEC. Also, it has been so amazing to see him excel in his position, so much that we were able to plan a President's social!"
---
> "During my internship, I was able to bring up the idea of whether or not it was important for young entrepreneurs to have corporate experience. This started a discussion that I led for a long time that was interesting. "
> "During my internship, I was able to train the new Student Event Coordinator as this is my last semester working as an SEC. It was such a great experience to teach him all the ropes and little tricks of being an SEC. Also, it has been so amazing to see him excel in his position, so much that we were able to plan a President's social! "
227,229c228,230
< "During my internship, I was present at many meetings with different departments, such as housing and academic departments. During those meetings my mentor always asked for input from everyone at the table on how to solve problems related to the exchange students. One such occasion was a meeting with housing on getting students checked into housing after hours. My mentor's encouragement of discussion lead to a new way that exchange students can reach staff after hours - by using an internet messaging app instead of having to make an international call to the on-call RA."
< "During my internship, I was responsible for attending committee meetings surrounding the revised common rule, and taking minutes and sending follow ups. Through this project, I was able to encourage the committee members to complete their respective tasks and bring the group together to work towards the common goals of preparing for the implementation of the common rule."
< "During my internship, I witnessed my mentor motivating the lab group during one of our lab meetings."
---
> "During my internship, I was present at many meetings with different departments, such as housing and academic departments. During those meetings my mentor always asked for input from everyone at the table on how to solve problems related to the exchange students. One such occasion was a meeting with housing on getting students checked into housing after hours. My mentor's encouragement of discussion lead to a new way that exchange students can reach staff after hours - by using an internet messaging app instead of having to make an international call to the on-call RA. "
> "During my internship, I was responsible for attending committee meetings surrounding the revised common rule, and taking minutes and sending follow ups. Through this project, I was able to encourage the committee members to complete their respective tasks and bring the group together to work towards the common goals of preparing for the implementation of the common rule. "
> "During my internship, I witnessed my mentor motivating the lab group during one of our lab meetings. "
232,233c233,234
< "During my internship, there were several group meetings with other staff members and students so we could get a good idea of how to best serve transfer students. During these meetings, we had great discussion about how we can involve transfer students on campus and make them feel like they have a home at Clemson. We all shared different viewpoints, but had the same common goal."
< "During my internship, we had an issue with the chlorinator used to treat water in the village water system. For some unknown reason, the caps that allow the machine to be opened and closed for chlorine installation blew up in the middle of the night. This created a sort of panicked situation as we had to find a solution very quickly in order to allow the water to be treated before people would drink it. My fellow intern and I had to use resources that we had on hand in order to come up with a make shift chlorinator that would allow us to treat the water, and then we had to share this idea with the other members of our water team in Haiti. We spent time explaining our vision so that we could get it properly installed. In the end, it was a success and my mentor was very impressed with our work and asked me to write an article about what we had done. I published the article on LinkedIn where our program supporters were able to read it and give feedback. The article was very well received which made me feel really good about the work we had been able to do."
---
> "During my internship, there were several group meetings with other staff members and students so we could get a good idea of how to best serve transfer students. During these meetings, we had great discussion about how we can involve transfer students on campus and make them feel like they have a home at Clemson. We all shared different viewpoints, but had the same common goal. "
> "During my internship, we had an issue with the chlorinator used to treat water in the village water system. For some unknown reason, the caps that allow the machine to be opened and closed for chlorine installation blew up in the middle of the night. This created a sort of panicked situation as we had to find a solution very quickly in order to allow the water to be treated before people would drink it. My fellow intern and I had to use resources that we had on hand in order to come up with a make shift chlorinator that would allow us to treat the water, and then we had to share this idea with the other members of our water team in Haiti. We spent time explaining our vision so that we could get it properly installed. In the end, it was a success and my mentor was very impressed with our work and asked me to write an article about what we had done. I published the article on LinkedIn where our program supporters were able to read it and give feedback. The article was very well received which made me feel really good about the work we had been able to do. "
236,237c237,238
< "During my intership, I had the opportunity to work with a few other interns. While working together, I would continuously ask if they had any ideas or anything to contribute when it seemed to be quiet in the discussion."
< "During my interview with [mentor], my site supervisor, campus banner and design photographer, and myself, all worked together to ask her questions that gave up information about her current position and framed it in a way that would display beautifully in the UPIC magazine."
---
> "During my intership, I had the opportunity to work with a few other interns. While working together, I would continuously ask if they had any ideas or anything to contribute when it seemed to be quiet in the discussion. "
> "During my interview with Alllison Waymyers, my site supervisor, campus banner and design photographer, and myself, all worked together to ask her questions that gave up information about her current position and framed it in a way that would display beautifully in the UPIC magazine. "
239,242c240,243
< "During my service trip, I played the role of facilitator by giving everybody on my trip a means to give back to the environment in our area. By the guests willingness to sign up, I would believe that they had a goal to help clean up the environment in our area. I was able to have everybody participate in activities to reach our collective goal and push toward CORE's goal of bettering the area that we visited."
< "During my time as a PEER mentor, I have had regular group meetings. In these meetings, I have had to serve as a leader to push the students toward achieving some goal, such as acquiring the skills necessary to be successful in their courses."
< "During my time as the wellness intern, I have been able to empower the students to achieve their vision of becoming overall 'well' while here at Clemson. I have been able to hold events where we are able to talk about fitness and health. I have had the opportunity to lead such an amazing group of students and empower them to work towards their goals throughout the year."
< "During my time at Azalea Capital, we acquired a company after many months of work. This was extremely exciting and after a few days, we needed to communicate to shareholders about the recent transaction. Knowing that I had financial writing skills from previous summer internships and also working in the writing center, I stepped up and asked for the responsibility to create the first draft of the shareholder press release. After that went well, I was asked to write other important communications and transaction press releases to investors."
---
> "During my service trip, I played the role of facilitator by giving everybody on my trip a means to give back to the environment in our area. By the guests willingness to sign up, I would believe that they had a goal to help clean up the environment in our area. I was able to have everybody participate in activities to reach our collective goal and push toward CORE's goal of bettering the area that we visited. "
> "During my time as a PEER mentor, I have had regular group meetings. In these meetings, I have had to serve as a leader to push the students toward achieving some goal, such as acquiring the skills necessary to be successful in their courses. "
> "During my time as the wellness intern, I have been able to empower the students to achieve their vision of becoming overall 'well' while here at Clemson. I have been able to hold events where we are able to talk about fitness and health. I have had the opportunity to lead such an amazing group of students and empower them to work towards their goals throughout the year. "
> "During my time at Azalea Capital, we acquired a company after many months of work. This was extremely exciting and after a few days, we needed to communicate to shareholders about the recent transaction. Knowing that I had financial writing skills from previous summer internships and also working in the writing center, I stepped up and asked for the responsibility to create the first draft of the shareholder press release. After that went well, I was asked to write other important communications and transaction press releases to investors. "
245,246c246,247
< "During my time in the accelerator, I worked alongside other UPIC interns and while discussing a recent problem, I lead the group in coming to a conclusion for how to fix it and also how to make sure everyone's option was represented."
< "During my weekly 1 on 1 with my mentors, I helped to foster creative discussion across a variety of subjects. We all worked together as a collaborative force however I take pride in that I brought up a variety of ideas such as asking about other job fairs, and giving a list of things that I can work on next semester that would really benefit the center such as pop ins and collaboration with clubs and organizations."
---
> "During my time in the accelerator, I worked alongside other UPIC interns and while discussing a recent problem, I lead the group in coming to a conclusion for how to fix it and also how to make sure everyone's option was represented. "
> "During my weekly 1 on 1 with my mentors, I helped to foster creative discussion across a variety of subjects. We all worked together as a collaborative force however I take pride in that I brought up a variety of ideas such as asking about other job fairs, and giving a list of things that I can work on next semester that would really benefit the center such as pop ins and collaboration with clubs and organizations. "
249c250
< "During one of our intern meetings, our supervisors told us that we were about one hundred students short of making the quota that had been set for students going abroad this summer, based off of last year's reports. We were given the task of coming up with ideas of how to get those last few students to apply to study abroad, and we as a group came up with various ""It's Not Too Late"" campaigns. My idea of handing out candies on Library Bridge inspired others to make food puns, like ""It's CRUNCH time,"" (attached to a Crunch bar), to be handed out to students. It was a fun way to inspire different forms of communication and different view points."
---
> "During one of our intern meetings, our supervisors told us that we were about one hundred students short of making the quota that had been set for students going abroad this summer, based off of last year's reports. We were given the task of coming up with ideas of how to get those last few students to apply to study abroad, and we as a group came up with various ""It's Not Too Late"" campaigns. My idea of handing out candies on Library Bridge inspired others to make food puns, like ""It's CRUNCH time,"" (attached to a Crunch bar), to be handed out to students. It was a fun way to inspire different forms of communication and different view points. "
252,253c253,254
< "During one project for my internship, I organized the collection of 1,000s of student's work into a portfolio for presentation. This required me to utilize communication and leadership to bring large groups of students together for work presentation."
< "During our ""It's Not Too Late"" campaign, where we encouraged students they could still study abroad, I produced graphics for social media and was in charge of distributing to the other employees in the office and encouraging them to post on their personal social media to raise awareness for our campaign"
---
> "During one project for my internship, I organized the collection of 1,000s of student's work into a portfolio for presentation. This required me to utilize communication and leadership to bring large groups of students together for work presentation. "
> "During our ÒItÕs Not Too LateÓ campaign, where we encouraged students they could still study abroad, I produced graphics for social media and was in charge of distributing to the other employees in the office and encouraging them to post on their personal social media to raise awareness for our campaign "
255c256
< "During our intern meeting, I'd present new ideas in how to collect our data and then open it to our mentor and co-intern to discuss the pro's and con's of each option to help figure out if it was a viable option for our department."
---
> "During our intern meeting, I'd present new ideas in how to collect our data and then open it to our mentor and co-intern to discuss the pro's and con's of each option to help figure out if it was a viable option for our department. "
258c259
< "During our semester long project, the interns each had a different background and mindset in going about working on the presentation. I felt that it was necessary for us all to periodically discuss our progress and to look over each other's parts to ensure that all sides of the argument had been covered and to gain feedback from different viewpoints in order to strengthen the argument. We were able to meet a few times to talk over our respective parts and collectively tailor the information to our desired audience and take into account feedback from our peers."
---
> "During our semester long project, the interns each had a different background and mindset in going about working on the presentation. I felt that it was necessary for us all to periodically discuss our progress and to look over each other's parts to ensure that all sides of the argument had been covered and to gain feedback from different viewpoints in order to strengthen the argument. We were able to meet a few times to talk over our respective parts and collectively tailor the information to our desired audience and take into account feedback from our peers. "
269c270
< "During team meetings, I lead discussions regarding communications and ways to make it better. I have always been a natural born leader."
---
> "During team meetings, I lead discussions regarding communications and ways to make it better. I have always been a natural born leader. "
271,272c272,273
< "During the AFP National Philanthropy Day 2017 I felt a sense of leadership as I was in charge of paying attention to the Run of Show script and advancing the slides as well as helping [name] set up the audio, video and monitors at the actual event. It felt great to be part of a team that was contributing to this event which incorporated over 300 philanthropists."
< "During the C34, my coworker [name] really stepped up and took charge when others in the group may have let their work slide, and we ended up with a really positive outcome for the group as a whole, which everyone attributed to her excellent leadership."
---
> "During the AFP National Philanthropy Day 2017 I felt a sense of leadership as I was in charge of paying attention to the Run of Show script and advancing the slides as well as helping Bethany set up the audio, video and monitors at the actual event. It felt great to be part of a team that was contributing to this event which incorporated over 300 philanthropists."
> "During the C34, my coworker Carolyn really stepped up and took charge when others in the group may have let their work slide, and we ended up with a really positive outcome for the group as a whole, which everyone attributed to her excellent leadership. "
276,278c277,279
< "During the first week of my internship, I had the opportunity to sit in on a meeting with the entire Marketing Department of BSE Global. Despite having only been with the company for a week at the time, it was very evident that there was a totem pole power structure within the department, in which those with the most power and influence had the loudest voices. Then as power decreased, relevance and influence naturally decreased as well. In this specific meeting, the VP of Marketing largely lead the conversation, directing everyone below her by assigning each person individual tasks for the week and establishing the deadlines for the long term projects."
< "During the group meetings that are near exams, I give my mentees advice for testing like how do study, how to deal with test anxiety, and I tell them to have a goal in mind when taking the exam, whether it's getting a certain letter grade or answering a specific type of question right. They usually meet their goals and if they don't, I work with them on how to achieve them next time."
< "During the headshot shoot I gave each person their photo back after editing to double check that they were happy with the photo. I thought a lot of them were excellent, but a lot of people did not agree and felt their photos were not that great."
---
> "During the first week of my internship, I had the opportunity to sit in on a meeting with the entire Marketing Department of BSE Global. Despite having only been with the company for a week at the time, it was very evident that there was a totem pole power structure within the department, in which those with the most power and influence had the loudest voices. Then as power decreased, relevance and influence naturally decreased as well. In this specific meeting, the VP of Marketing largely lead the conversation, directing everyone below her by assigning each person individual tasks for the week and establishing the deadlines for the long term projects. "
> "During the group meetings that are near exams, I give my mentees advice for testing like how do study, how to deal with test anxiety, and I tell them to have a goal in mind when taking the exam, whether it's getting a certain letter grade or answering a specific type of question right. They usually meet their goals and if they don't, I work with them on how to achieve them next time. "
> "During the headshot shoot I gave each person their photo back after editing to double check that they were happy with the photo. I thought a lot of them were excellent, but a lot of people did not agree and felt their photos were not that great. "
280,281c281,282
< "During the internship I was always eager to get those around me engaged in conversation. While working with the other interns and student workers within the Dean's office, I always attempted to create an open environment between us to discuss various topics related to our own lives, marketing in general, and projects we were working on."
< "During the internship I was always eager to get those around me engaged in conversation. While working with the other interns and student workers within the Dean's office, I always attempted to create an open environment between us to discuss various topics related to our own lives, marketing in general, and projects we were working on. I was also able to help train our new intern to learn the ins and outs of football season."
---
> "During the internship I was always eager to get those around me engaged in conversation. While working with the other interns and student workers within the DeanÕs office, I always attempted to create an open environment between us to discuss various topics related to our own lives, marketing in general, and projects we were working on. "
> "During the internship I was always eager to get those around me engaged in conversation. While working with the other interns and student workers within the DeanÕs office, I always attempted to create an open environment between us to discuss various topics related to our own lives, marketing in general, and projects we were working on. I was also able to help train our new intern to learn the ins and outs of football season. "
285c286
< "During the last month of my internship, a marketing assistant was hired to help in the marketing department since the Director of Marketing left in early February. When she started, I noticed my boss had a sit down meeting with us to bounce ideas off of each other. [Name] (the marketing assistant) had worked at a different arena in Rhode Island and had a unique perspective to offer on ideas that we would not have had without her."
---
> "During the last month of my internship, a marketing assistant was hired to help in the marketing department since the Director of Marketing left in early February. When she started, I noticed my boss had a sit down meeting with us to bounce ideas off of each other. Sydnie (the marketing assistant) had worked at a different arena in Rhode Island and had a unique perspective to offer on ideas that we would not have had without her. "
290,292c291,293
< "During the semester, we all had to work on parts of aspire. Through being a staff member, each of us learned to help one another out in the role of a staff member, as we Also encouraged one another to do well in their roll as a mentor/staff member and student."
< "During the semester, we held a tabling event, basically a Health Fair. This is where we were able to talk to people from all over campus and tell them about Healthy Campus and what Aspire does. We also were able to promote safe sex, and overall well being."
< "During the Sewer Testing We delt with some blockage in the pipe. Instead of failing the pipe section, we communicated together that flushing the system could possibly solve the issue. Luckily it did just that."
---
> "During the semester, we all had to work on parts of aspire. Through being a staff member, each of us learned to help one another out in the role of a staff member, as we Also encouraged one another to do well in their roll as a mentor/staff member and student. "
> "During the semester, we held a tabling event, basically a Health Fair. This is where we were able to talk to people from all over campus and tell them about Healthy Campus and what Aspire does. We also were able to promote safe sex, and overall well being. "
> "During the Sewer Testing We delt with some blockage in the pipe. Instead of failing the pipe section, we communicated together that flushing the system could possibly solve the issue. Luckily it did just that. "
295,297c296,298
< "During the team meetings, I saw the staff bounce of the strengths of each other constantly. I also saw it in the UPIC office and in my relationship with [mentor]. [Mentor] always made sure recognize my strengths and give me encouragement about my work."
< "During the UPIC Magazine Project, I helped put together the idea of having specific jobs for each person on the project, like me being the head reporter position."
< "During the Utilization data collection my mentor, [mentor], had to organize all of the interns into time slots so that the data could be collected around each interns class time schedule. This leadership helped the data collection be split as evenly as possible between the interns and herself, and also allowed the data to be collected in a reasonable time manner."
---
> "During the team meetings, I saw the staff bounce of the strengths of each other constantly. I also saw it in the UPIC office and in my relationship with Lisa. Lisa always made sure recognize my strengths and give me encouragement about my work. "
> "During the UPIC Magazine Project, I helped put together the idea of having specific jobs for each person on the project, like me being the head reporter position. "
> "During the Utilization data collection my mentor, Lydia Krause, had to organize all of the interns into time slots so that the data could be collected around each interns class time schedule. This leadership helped the data collection be split as evenly as possible between the interns and herself, and also allowed the data to be collected in a reasonable time manner."
301,303c302,304
< "During Transfer Appreciation Week, a lot of the transfer students would stay at the events, but not know what to talk about or how to start a conversation with a fellow transfer student. I would help facilitate these conversations and partake in them as I am a transfer student myself."
< "During weekly group meetings, I would sometimes sense that some of our team members weren't happy with how certain articles were coming along. I would ask them their opinions on these things, so they could feel freer to open up about their ideas. This caused use to be able to openly discuss the magazine as a whole, and let the writers have a say in the design, and the designers even have a say in how some of the articles were written. Our common goal is the complete the magazine and make it the best it can be, and I think these discussions helped us achieve that."
< "During weekly lab meetings, my lab mates and [mentor] would sit with me and we would bounce ideas, problems, and solutions, off of one another so that we could see the problems from all angles. A few times it was my idea that was the solution and it led to making an advancement in lab protocol and in the project itself."
---
> "During Transfer Appreciation Week, a lot of the transfer students would stay at the events, but not know what to talk about or how to start a conversation with a fellow transfer student. I would help facilitate these conversations and partake in them as I am a transfer student myself. "
> "During weekly group meetings, I would sometimes sense that some of our team members werenÕt happy with how certain articles were coming along. I would ask them their opinions on these things, so they could feel freer to open up about their ideas. This caused use to be able to openly discuss the magazine as a whole, and let the writers have a say in the design, and the designers even have a say in how some of the articles were written. Our common goal is the complete the magazine and make it the best it can be, and I think these discussions helped us achieve that."
> "During weekly lab meetings, my lab mates and Dr. Alper would sit with me and we would bounce ideas, problems, and solutions, off of one another so that we could see the problems from all angles. A few times it was my idea that was the solution and it led to making an advancement in lab protocol and in the project itself."
306,307c307,308
< "Each member of the SAD team is in their respective position because their talents and passions are being capitalized on. The three ""sections"" of the department are each ran by directors that have been trained and educated about service, inclusion, or leadership development."
< "Each morning, my supervisor would write out a task for each worker on a white board. He would set a few workers in groups together and would write down the job to be done. Details of the task would also be written down, so we could always refer back to the white board or call our supervisor if we had any questions."
---
> "Each member of the SAD team is in their respective position because their talents and passions are being capitalized on. The three ""sections"" of the department are each ran by directors that have been trained and educated about service, inclusion, or leadership development. "
> "Each morning, my supervisor would write out a task for each worker on a white board. He would set a few workers in groups together and would write down the job to be done. Details of the task would also be written down, so we could always refer back to the white board or call our supervisor if we had any questions. "
310,313c311,314
< "Each Thursday my mentor and his boss have a meeting to discuss current projects and future strategy. Each time, I try to bring forth ideas and open them up for discussion to see what [name] and [another name] think, and to come up with the best solution for what we're trying to plan or solve."
< "Each week at our Internship we have a weekly discussion in which talk about our accomplishments for the week and what we are struggling with, when someone brought up a difficulty I proposed a different perspective on the task which sometimes allowed for completion of the task."
< "Each week I attended a meeting with the social media team where we planned the social media postings for the upcoming week(s). When there was a project that was very photo heavy, I took the lead on it and worked with other departments (video, social media, writing) to produce the best possible content for the social media team."
< "Each week one of the coaches comes in to give his idea for the graphic that will go on that week's game plan. He evaluates the team's performance at the game the weekend before and evaluates the strengths in our opponent and creates a theme to empower the team. While we produce the graphic image of the phrase, theme, or idea, he enstills it in the players. Going into Senior Night and Military Appreciation Week, his theme was ""Band of Brothers"" and encouraging teamwork and encouragement throughout the team. Seeing the coach use a single phrase to lead the team to an overall goal for that week was excellent observation of accomplishing a shared goal."
---
> "Each Thursday my mentor and his boss have a meeting to discuss current projects and future strategy. Each time, I try to bring forth ideas and open them up for discussion to see what Ryan and Dustin think, and to come up with the best solution for what we're trying to plan or solve."
> "Each week at our Internship we have a weekly discussion in which talk about our accomplishments for the week and what we are struggling with, when someone brought up a difficulty I proposed a different perspective on the task which sometimes allowed for completion of the task. "
> "Each week I attended a meeting with the social media team where we planned the social media postings for the upcoming week(s). When there was a project that was very photo heavy, I took the lead on it and worked with other departments (video, social media, writing) to produce the best possible content for the social media team. "
> "Each week one of the coaches comes in to give his idea for the graphic that will go on that week's game plan. He evaluates the team's performance at the game the weekend before and evaluates the strengths in our opponent and creates a theme to empower the team. While we produce the graphic image of the phrase, theme, or idea, he enstills it in the players. Going into Senior Night and Military Appreciation Week, his theme was ""Band of Brothers"" and encouraging teamwork and encouragement throughout the team. Seeing the coach use a single phrase to lead the team to an overall goal for that week was excellent observation of accomplishing a shared goal. "
315c316
< "Earlier, in the semester, a guest speaker came to Clemson and two of my fellow interns and I had to produce two highlight videos about it for the Clemson social media channels. Before we went there, I made sure we got together to think of a game plan for how we wanted to handle the shoot."
---
> "Earlier, in the semester, a guest speaker came to Clemson and two of my fellow interns and I had to produce two highlight videos about it for the Clemson social media channels. Before we went there, I made sure we got together to think of a game plan for how we wanted to handle the shoot. "
318,319c319,320
< "Enabled Haitian doctors, engineers, other stakeholders and student project group members to create a shared vision for the operating room redesign. Facilitated the presentation of the students design proposals to stakeholders."
< [Name] showed a lot of leadership when we were hiring a new employee. One member in our department didn't agree and he sat down and talked with her multiple times to try to resolve issues.
---
> "Enabled Haitian doctors, engineers, other stakeholders and student project group members to create a shared vision for the operating room redesign. Facilitated the presentation of the students design proposals to stakeholders. "
> Eric showed a lot of leadership when we were hiring a new employee. One member in our department didn't agree and he sat down and talked with her multiple times to try to resolve issues.
321c322
< "Every day our mentor would give us our tasks for the day, and she would base those tasks off of what was everyone's strengths."
---
> "Every day our mentor would give us our tasks for the day, and she would base those tasks off of what was everyone's strengths. "
324,327c325,328
< "Every Monday morning, I took part in meetings at the Trustee House where members of the social media team collaborated and brainstormed ideas for the coming week. We all had to lead discussions related to which events the University would cover that week and how we would cover them."
< "Every Monday morning, the PEER&WISE coordinators have a group meeting in sharing details about passed events, future events, and things need to help the program prosper."
< "Every Monday we would have meetings with the editors of the Clemson World Magazine and we would discuss what would be needed for the next issue. They were talking about getting photos from move-in, and as an RA, I had all the information about move-in and they asked me questions about dates and times, and I was able to tell them a plausible way to help them get the images they needed."
< "Every month my department holds a ""Creative Hour"" where we break into groups of five and try and work through specific issues our department has brought up. Last month my group was tasked with looking for a way to establish standard assumptions when creating simulations. I brought up my experience formulating a simulation without these assumptions and opened up a conversation with a colleague who had not yet started hers. In the end I believe we reached some actionable conclusions and presented them to the rest of the department."
---
> "Every Monday morning, I took part in meetings at the Trustee House where members of the social media team collaborated and brainstormed ideas for the coming week. We all had to lead discussions related to which events the University would cover that week and how we would cover them. "
> "Every Monday morning, the PEER&WISE coordinators have a group meeting in sharing details about passed events, future events, and things need to help the program prosper. "
> "Every Monday we would have meetings with the editors of the Clemson World Magazine and we would discuss what would be needed for the next issue. They were talking about getting photos from move-in, and as an RA, I had all the information about move-in and they asked me questions about dates and times, and I was able to tell them a plausible way to help them get the images they needed. "
> "Every month my department holds a ""Creative Hour"" where we break into groups of five and try and work through specific issues our department has brought up. Last month my group was tasked with looking for a way to establish standard assumptions when creating simulations. I brought up my experience formulating a simulation without these assumptions and opened up a conversation with a colleague who had not yet started hers. In the end I believe we reached some actionable conclusions and presented them to the rest of the department. "
334c335
< "Every week my fellow interns and I would host ""Be Brilliant"" workshops. These were designed to help Bridge students adapt to college and learn how to be academically successful. We covered many topics such as test anxiety, time management, connecting to Clemson, and stress relief, to name a few. As a leader, I had to empower students to be successful during their bridge year in order to reach their goal of bridging to Clemson next fall."
---
> "Every week my fellow interns and I would host ""Be Brilliant"" workshops. These were designed to help Bridge students adapt to college and learn how to be academically successful. We covered many topics such as test anxiety, time management, connecting to Clemson, and stress relief, to name a few. As a leader, I had to empower students to be successful during their bridge year in order to reach their goal of bridging to Clemson next fall. "
337,338c338,339
< "Every week when my mentor informed me what I was to work on during the week, I saw my mentor exhibiting these leadership skills."
< "Every week, all of the members of the lab would gather for a lab meeting in which the lab members would share the data they had gathered and ask each other for advice and share information. During each of these labs, [mentor] would always encourage everyone to speak up and say whatever was on their minds, and he always encouraged cooperation."
---
> "Every week when my mentor informed me what I was to work on during the week, I saw my mentor exhibiting these leadership skills. "
> "Every week, all of the members of the lab would gather for a lab meeting in which the lab members would share the data they had gathered and ask each other for advice and share information. During each of these labs, Dr. Tharayil would always encourage everyone to speak up and say whatever was on their minds, and he always encouraged cooperation."
340,341c341,342
< "Everyone in the lab group is working on the same projects, but we all work on different sub projects. These individual assignments are assigned by my boss based on our strengths, technical expertise, and experience in the subject. He also made sure to ask me beforehand if I felt interested in this project, believing that I will do my best work if I actually like the work. He also understood that I am learning and often pointed me in a good starting direction. All this gave me confidence that I can successfully accomplish the task."
< "Everyone in the lab is proficient in a certain area. Some of us are better at 3D modeling, while others are better at Illustrator. Because of this, [mentor] would split large projects into components and distribute them according to our strengths. He also often paired us together so that we can learn from each other. I learned 3D modeling because of this and others learned Arduino programming from me."
---
> "Everyone in the lab group is working on the same projects, but we all work on different sub projects. These individual assignments are assigned by my boss based on our strengths, technical expertise, and experience in the subject. He also made sure to ask me beforehand if I felt interested in this project, believing that I will do my best work if I actually like the work. He also understood that I am learning and often pointed me in a good starting direction. All this gave me confidence that I can successfully accomplish the task. "
> "Everyone in the lab is proficient in a certain area. Some of us are better at 3D modeling, while others are better at Illustrator. Because of this, Dr. Ullmer would split large projects into components and distribute them according to our strengths. He also often paired us together so that we can learn from each other. I learned 3D modeling because of this and others learned Arduino programming from me. "
358,360c359,361
< "For the intern project we were given, me and the other design intern were in charge of all the design work for the project which turned out being the majority of the final product. When it came to this part of the project, the other interns really turned toward us and let us take charge. Not only were we given the freedom to make all of our own ideas but a lot of the other facets of the project stemmed from our ideas. We allowed other interns to contribute to the collaboration of ideas and facilitated the process of making one cohesive project that incorporates all of our ideas."
< "For the Lever Hall of Fame, all the other interns and staff met to discuss roles and what had to be done. During this meeting we were able to bring up and concerns or ideas to better the ceremony."
< "For the [name] project, I gathered my team members together to discuss ideas surrounding the Book of Names and the spring event. After we met, I compiled our ideas into an email and updated [name] on our progress and shared our ideas with her."
---
> "For the intern project we were given, me and the other design intern were in charge of all the design work for the project which turned out being the majority of the final product. When it came to this part of the project, the other interns really turned toward us and let us take charge. Not only were we given the freedom to make all of our own ideas but a lot of the other facets of the project stemmed from our ideas. We allowed other interns to contribute to the collaboration of ideas and facilitated the process of making one cohesive project that incorporates all of our ideas. "
> "For the Lever Hall of Fame, all the other interns and staff met to discuss roles and what had to be done. During this meeting we were able to bring up and concerns or ideas to better the ceremony. "
> "For the Rhondda Thomas project, I gathered my team members together to discuss ideas surrounding the Book of Names and the spring event. After we met, I compiled our ideas into an email and updated Dr. Thomas on our progress and shared our ideas with her. "
362,363c363,364
< "From our daily meetings I observed [mentor] (my onsite supervisor). i have rarely seen a more approachable manager but he still conveys his point. On a lot of my previous teams i have observed people hiding problems, this was much open. I didn't have much leadership opportunities, as I was not managing anyone directly."
< "From the beginning when I first joined the team at Madren Center, the supervisors encourage all of us to look towards our goal for the end of the semester. They encouraged all of us to challeneg ourselves and to not be afraid to ask questions."
---
> "From our daily meetings I observed Bill (my onsite supervisor). i have rarely seen a more approachable manager but he still conveys his point. On a lot of my previous teams i have observed people hiding problems, this was much open. I didn't have much leadership opportunities, as I was not managing anyone directly. "
> "From the beginning when I first joined the team at Madren Center, the supervisors encourage all of us to look towards our goal for the end of the semester. They encouraged all of us to challeneg ourselves and to not be afraid to ask questions. "
366,367c367,368
< "Given the nature of my internship being team-based this semester, myself and my partner had a common goal of success. I already knew the expectations, processes and overall vision that was assigned to us, but my partner didn't. My first step was getting her onboard with the vision of what [mentor] expected from us and laying out a plan of how to get there over the semester."
< "Got to show students how to use machinery and work with different kinds of tools. It was important to be knowledgeable about the machines in order to teach the,"
---
> "Given the nature of my internship being team-based this semester, myself and my partner had a common goal of success. I already knew the expectations, processes and overall vision that was assigned to us, but my partner didn't. My first step was getting her onboard with the vision of what Dr. Hannon expected from us and laying out a plan of how to get there over the semester."
> "Got to show students how to use machinery and work with different kinds of tools. It was important to be knowledgeable about the machines in order to teach the, "
369c370
< [Name] and I would discuss app features. I would show him my research and tell him things I found interesting and he would give his opinion.
---
> Harold and I would discuss app features. I would show him my research and tell him things I found interesting and he would give his opinion.
378c379
< "I accompanied my internship supervisor, [mentor], to many different meetings for the Cattleman's association. [Mentor] is heavily involved with this association and often presents on various topics and helps organize their events. While I have been attending these meetings, It became clear to me that beef production techniques vary among every producer. Each individual has their own unique ways of doing things that range from rotational grazing to administering vaccines. I noticed that [mentor] spends a large amount of time talking with the producers involved in this association to gain a wide range of knowledge. He is very open to considering different methods of production and learning which techniques work best. A specific example that I observed comes from a local beef producer who is also a member of this association. Many of the producers from older generations are stuck in their ways when it comes to rotational grazing. This specific producer has used research and scientific evidence to develop his intensive grazing management practices in an effort to cut down on internal parasite populations. He feeds virtually no hay to his cows, unlike many of the other producers. By keeping his cows on pastures for usually less than a week and allowing the grass to maintain longer lengths, this producer has found a way to disrupt the life cycle of the parasites that often present issues beef cattle. The producer has consistently seen much lower populations of internal parasites after applying these methods of rotational grazing. I have observed [mentor] take this information and share it with others at the cattleman's association meetings, even going so far as to organize a meeting at this producer's farm to have him share his successful methods with others. [Mentor] recently purchased a few cows of his own and plans to use these new rotational grazing methods. This method is different from what he grew up doing at his father's beef farm. I believe this showcases his leadership and ability to capitalize and benefit from another's point of view."
---
> "I accompanied my internship supervisor, Morris Warner, to many different meetings for the Cattleman's association. Morris is heavily involved with this association and often presents on various topics and helps organize their events. While I have been attending these meetings, It became clear to me that beef production techniques vary among every producer. Each individual has their own unique ways of doing things that range from rotational grazing to administering vaccines. I noticed that Mr. Warner spends a large amount of time talking with the producers involved in this association to gain a wide range of knowledge. He is very open to considering different methods of production and learning which techniques work best. A specific example that I observed comes from a local beef producer who is also a member of this association. Many of the producers from older generations are stuck in their ways when it comes to rotational grazing. This specific producer has used research and scientific evidence to develop his intensive grazing management practices in an effort to cut down on internal parasite populations. He feeds virtually no hay to his cows, unlike many of the other producers. By keeping his cows on pastures for usually less than a week and allowing the grass to maintain longer lengths, this producer has found a way to disrupt the life cycle of the parasites that often present issues beef cattle. The producer has consistently seen much lower populations of internal parasites after applying these methods of rotational grazing. I have observed Morris take this information and share it with others at the cattleman's association meetings, even going so far as to organize a meeting at this producer's farm to have him share his successful methods with others. Morris recently purchased a few cows of his own and plans to use these new rotational grazing methods. This method is different from what he grew up doing at his father's beef farm. I believe this showcases his leadership and ability to capitalize and benefit from another's point of view. "
382c383
< "I always asked questions that would lead to the best articles written with passion and knowledge, but one particular instance I was not getting as much of a response so I opened up the floor for more general discussion which then made the person more comfortable with my position as an intern to then share information."
---
> "I always asked questions that would lead to the best articles written with passion and knowledge, but one particular instance I was not getting as much of a response so I opened up the floor for more general discussion which then made the person more comfortable with my position as an intern to then share information. "
386,388c387,389
< "I am accounts receivable analyst, and my lead is [mentor]. She devotes herself on everything about billing. She arrives at location at 6 a.m everyday, and leaves at 4pm. She answered our questions very specifically and in detail. She is a good lead at billing."
< I am always observing [mentor] express leadership within his meetings. He always presents the issue with respect to those around the issue and/or those who could be impacted by it. He keeps a calm meeting room to promote solutions within the group.
< "I am constantly watching [mentor] and [mentor], observing the way they interact with the mentors and everyone who enters the PEER/WISE office. I observe how [mentor] leads her office staff into a discussion of further enhancing the efforts of the PEER/WISE office resources and the staff."
---
> "I am accounts receivable analyst, and my lead is Katy Outen. She devotes herself on everything about billing. She arrives at location at 6 a.m everyday, and leaves at 4pm. She answered our questions very specifically and in detail. She is a good lead at billing."
> I am always observing Dr. Dobbins express leadership within his meetings. He always presents the issue with respect to those around the issue and/or those who could be impacted by it. He keeps a calm meeting room to promote solutions within the group.
> "I am constantly watching Mrs. Serita and Mrs. Lisa, observing the way they interact with the mentors and everyone who enters the PEER/WISE office. I observe how Mrs. Serita leads her office staff into a discussion of further enhancing the efforts of the PEER/WISE office resources and the staff."
402c403
< "I assisted in organizing a knowledge college by brainstorming topic ideas, organization strategies, people to utilize and other details."
---
> "I assisted in organizing a knowledge college by brainstorming topic ideas, organization strategies, people to utilize and other details. "
405c406
< "I attended Lenders School and I got to work with loan officers. I had the opportunity to share my opinion, work in groups, conduct hypothetical situations and case studies. The people that I spoke to had common goals and they spoke to me about their career path. It was interesting to me because I learned we had a lot of the same values and career paths. Others seemed to like my input during the case studies and it helped everyone to reach a shared goal for a particular case study or situation we were studying. I was told that I did well keeping up with the rest of the class by answering questions and collaborating."
---
> "I attended Lenders School and I got to work with loan officers. I had the opportunity to share my opinion, work in groups, conduct hypothetical situations and case studies. The people that I spoke to had common goals and they spoke to me about their career path. It was interesting to me because I learned we had a lot of the same values and career paths. Others seemed to like my input during the case studies and it helped everyone to reach a shared goal for a particular case study or situation we were studying. I was told that I did well keeping up with the rest of the class by answering questions and collaborating. "
407c408
< "I became well versed in making sure everyone was doing their tasks. To make sure everything was done every day, I had to step up and set a good example by rounding everyone up and getting them to do what was needed rather than slack off. This was hard at first, but after awhile it became easier to motivate others to do what was needed."
---
> "I became well versed in making sure everyone was doing their tasks. To make sure everything was done every day, I had to step up and set a good example by rounding everyone up and getting them to do what was needed rather than slack off. This was hard at first, but after awhile it became easier to motivate others to do what was needed. "
410,411c411,412
< I believe that many times throughout my internship experience supervisors would recognize the strengths of different researchers. Often times my head supervisor [mentor] would see problems [name] and I would face with our research and she would point out people that had strengths in the areas we were struggling in so that we could reach out for help when needed.
< "I believe this happens a lot with me and my boss, we ask each other's opinions, advice or views on different tasks. She will ask me about how to approach an issue with a colleague and I ask her advice on how to approach different tasks I'm given. We have a constant, respected flow of communication that helps us build and contribute to our common goals."
---
> I believe that many times throughout my internship experience supervisors would recognize the strengths of different researchers. Often times my head supervisor Marcela would see problems Oliver and I would face with our research and she would point out people that had strengths in the areas we were struggling in so that we could reach out for help when needed.
> "I believe this happens a lot with me and my boss, we ask each other's opinions, advice or views on different tasks. She will ask me about how to approach an issue with a colleague and I ask her advice on how to approach different tasks I'm given. We have a constant, respected flow of communication that helps us build and contribute to our common goals. "
419c420
< "I created a kickstarter video for my company, kanga, which we were able to create and fully direct to tell a story. It took over a month of setting schedules and editing it appropriately."
---
> "I created a kickstarter video for my company, kanga, which we were able to create and fully direct to tell a story. It took over a month of setting schedules and editing it appropriately. "
445c446
< "I entered this internship with minimal computer science and data visualization experience. As such, I actively learned as much as possible from the people around me. I noticed another intern, [name], taking responsibility and leadership over the creation and initiation of the CCIT Immersive Space. In our group meetings, he encouraged the other interns to take on various projects and worked to both better the space and have students regularly use it."
---
> "I entered this internship with minimal computer science and data visualization experience. As such, I actively learned as much as possible from the people around me. I noticed another intern, Tom Birdsong, taking responsibility and leadership over the creation and initiation of the CCIT Immersive Space. In our group meetings, he encouraged the other interns to take on various projects and worked to both better the space and have students regularly use it."
452c453
< I got to see the social media marketing team be lead by [name] on what they need to be doing each week and he was very encouraging and helpful in planning out what videos/pictures they needed to capture and when to post them.
---
> I got to see the social media marketing team be lead by Robbie on what they need to be doing each week and he was very encouraging and helpful in planning out what videos/pictures they needed to capture and when to post them.
454,455c455,456
< "I grew to be an expert in leadership this semester through continuous examination of my all of my mentors, including [mentor], [mentor], and even [mentor]. As Chief of Staff, I was tasked with leading the team safely through the semester and help them help others. I was in charge of training them in the beginning of the semester before school started and throughout the semester giving them advice not only related to internships but life as well."
< "I had a problem mid-way through the semester with my higher up's not being responsible and allowing the lower ranking workers to get away with things that should not have been allowed. I had to call a meeting with everyone who was in that position to completely go over everything that they were supposed to have already been doing, and then added new steps to increase accountability in that position. I had to spend a lot of time checking back over their work to make sure that everything was on track, but so far the work has been exceptional!"
---
> "I grew to be an expert in leadership this semester through continuous examination of my all of my mentors, including Tim Howard, Dr. Todd, and even Owen Phillips. As Chief of Staff, I was tasked with leading the team safely through the semester and help them help others. I was in charge of training them in the beginning of the semester before school started and throughout the semester giving them advice not only related to internships but life as well."
> "I had a problem mid-way through the semester with my higher up's not being responsible and allowing the lower ranking workers to get away with things that should not have been allowed. I had to call a meeting with everyone who was in that position to completely go over everything that they were supposed to have already been doing, and then added new steps to increase accountability in that position. I had to spend a lot of time checking back over their work to make sure that everything was on track, but so far the work has been exceptional! "
459c460
< "I had the opportunity to sit in on two different Board meetings; the first at the beginning of my internship and the second towards the end of my internship. In the beginning, I was able to explain to the key stakeholders in the organization the value that I was going to bring to the organization but also the vision I had for the few months I was there. I loved being able to go back and report the success I had with the Facebook page to the Board at the second meeting. They were able to buy into the need for the Facebook and Twitter through my beginning actions and allowed me to get participation from them for future posts."
---
> "I had the opportunity to sit in on two different Board meetings; the first at the beginning of my internship and the second towards the end of my internship. In the beginning, I was able to explain to the key stakeholders in the organization the value that I was going to bring to the organization but also the vision I had for the few months I was there. I loved being able to go back and report the success I had with the Facebook page to the Board at the second meeting. They were able to buy into the need for the Facebook and Twitter through my beginning actions and allowed me to get participation from them for future posts. "
461c462
< "I had the project of leading a development of a scholars program for first generation students. This project had multiple parts and communication was needed between the other interns in the department, along with [name] and our graduate student. This project is nearly complete, although the implementation of it may be postponed."
---
> "I had the project of leading a development of a scholars program for first generation students. This project had multiple parts and communication was needed between the other interns in the department, along with Sherry and our graduate student. This project is nearly complete, although the implementation of it may be postponed."
464c465
< "I had to drive the change to the new database, so I had the responsibility of taking leadership on this and making sure it was going in the correct direction. In our weekly staff meetings I would drive other team members to use the tool, and use it effectively."
---
> "I had to drive the change to the new database, so I had the responsibility of taking leadership on this and making sure it was going in the correct direction. In our weekly staff meetings I would drive other team members to use the tool, and use it effectively. "
467c468
< "I had to give a seminar presentation on the research my CI team and I did, and I was able to share lots of results from analyzing the data we were looking at and also share specific findings from certain group members."
---
> "I had to give a seminar presentation on the research my CI team and I did, and I was able to share lots of results from analyzing the data we were looking at and also share specific findings from certain group members. "
471,473c472,474
< "I had to present the idea of PEER Talks to [mentor] in order to be able to execute the event. We both want the best for PEER; therefore, I had to communicate my intentions and plan of execution."
< "I have been a leader by starting my own articles without request. In order words, I found topics outside of my mentor's suiggestions and completed them based on my own initiative to succeed and bring news to Inside Clemson. Therefore, I was a conduit to assist multiple groups in having their voice be heard."
< "I have been able to help plan the annual Christmas party. From this opportunity, I decided to make it a grand endeavor that meant more than simply cookies and sweaters. I was able to align the importance of the party with the importance of celebrating the employees. This connected to the larger mission of UDT and helped improve the workspace."
---
> "I had to present the idea of PEER Talks to Mrs. Serita in order to be able to execute the event. We both want the best for PEER; therefore, I had to communicate my intentions and plan of execution. "
> "I have been a leader by starting my own articles without request. In order words, I found topics outside of my mentor's suiggestions and completed them based on my own initiative to succeed and bring news to Inside Clemson. Therefore, I was a conduit to assist multiple groups in having their voice be heard. "
> "I have been able to help plan the annual Christmas party. From this opportunity, I decided to make it a grand endeavor that meant more than simply cookies and sweaters. I was able to align the importance of the party with the importance of celebrating the employees. This connected to the larger mission of UDT and helped improve the workspace. "
475c476
< "I have been given the lead role on several projects, but I believe this is a skill that you are continually developing."
---
> "I have been given the lead role on several projects, but I believe this is a skill that you are continually developing. "
478,480c479,481
< "I have been on lead for two manuscripts throughout my internship, and working with others to be sure we have all of the information we need has taught me how to be a leader and how to work with others to get things done."
< "I have been working on a program that will allow freshman physicist to take tours of biophysics labs. There is a negative attitude toward biophysics among the undergraduates in the physics department, and this program would make sure the first impression freshmen have is positive, and accurately portrays what biophysics is. This program would also encourage freshmen to join biophysics labs if they like the research that is presented to them, and therefore allow them to get involved in research earlier in their college careers. I am currently gathering support from other biophysics labs, so we can showcase several research projects to freshmen. I hope to make our department more open to different types of research by keeping this program alive."
< "I have been working to help develop an app for the NRT students. When doing this, I have had to meet with several different people from different departments and work with CCIT to determine which features we want in the app and how to create and run the app."
---
> "I have been on lead for two manuscripts throughout my internship, and working with others to be sure we have all of the information we need has taught me how to be a leader and how to work with others to get things done. "
> "I have been working on a program that will allow freshman physicist to take tours of biophysics labs. There is a negative attitude toward biophysics among the undergraduates in the physics department, and this program would make sure the first impression freshmen have is positive, and accurately portrays what biophysics is. This program would also encourage freshmen to join biophysics labs if they like the research that is presented to them, and therefore allow them to get involved in research earlier in their college careers. I am currently gathering support from other biophysics labs, so we can showcase several research projects to freshmen. I hope to make our department more open to different types of research by keeping this program alive. "
> "I have been working to help develop an app for the NRT students. When doing this, I have had to meet with several different people from different departments and work with CCIT to determine which features we want in the app and how to create and run the app. "
485c486
< "I have had the privilege of seeing [name] and [name], my coworker, teach others. They have lead adults in staff training and children who have never even held a gun before. To me, I found this interesting because while both groups were learning something new, they were both big on positive construction to keep everyone safe, while still having fun."
---
> "I have had the privilege of seeing Rick and Garrett, my coworker, teach others. They have lead adults in staff training and children who have never even held a gun before. To me, I found this interesting because while both groups were learning something new, they were both big on positive construction to keep everyone safe, while still having fun."
488c489
< "I have helped with the ""it's not too late to study abroad"" campaign, by helping others figure out the best way to advertise for their program, since it is now my 2nd time with this campaign and other people's first time."
---
> "I have helped with the ""it's not too late to study abroad"" campaign, by helping others figure out the best way to advertise for their program, since it is now my 2nd time with this campaign and other people's first time. "
491c492
< I have not had any experience with leadership this semester with UPIC. I only work under [mentor] and do not have sufficient contact with any other employee to provide an example.
---
> I have not had any experience with leadership this semester with UPIC. I only work under Dr. White and do not have sufficient contact with any other employee to provide an example.
493,494c494,495
< "I have once set up meetings with new customers and given them a tour of the lab, I was able to work with them to show them that we can fulfill what is needed to be done."
< "I have planned many info sessions and class visits, as well as organized all of the students going abroad from the UNiC side, and Clemson's side."
---
> "I have once set up meetings with new customers and given them a tour of the lab, I was able to work with them to show them that we can fulfill what is needed to be done. "
> "I have planned many info sessions and class visits, as well as organized all of the students going abroad from the UNiC side, and Clemson's side. "
497,501c498,502
< "I have the duty of coordinating a videographer, photographer and candidate for each story to schedule a meeting and then lead the meeting."
< "I have to become a leader when helping other students with the testing in Adopt-a-Stream, making sure they conduct the testing properly and guiding them along the way."
< "I have watched quite a few meetings between [name], [name], and [name] as they discuss and determine how to regulate the extension program by directing their agents to certain jobs that fit well with their attributes, personalities, and knowledge."
< "I have witnessed my mentor repetitively respect, and develop new ways to incorporate individuals and their unique backgrounds into our campaigns and objectives. She has encouraged me to bring this to my own action by designing posts to reach all groups of students when designing posts and images."
< "I have witnessed my mentor repetitively respect, and develop new ways to incorporate individuals and their unique backgrounds into our campaigns and objectives. She has encouraged me to bring this to my own action by designing posts to reach towards Muslim students when the dining hall offers specific foods of their culture during particular times of the month."
---
> "I have the duty of coordinating a videographer, photographer and candidate for each story to schedule a meeting and then lead the meeting. "
> "I have to become a leader when helping other students with the testing in Adopt-a-Stream, making sure they conduct the testing properly and guiding them along the way. "
> "I have watched quite a few meetings between Dr. Dobbins, Heather, and Dr. Callahan as they discuss and determine how to regulate the extension program by directing their agents to certain jobs that fit well with their attributes, personalities, and knowledge. "
> "I have witnessed my mentor repetitively respect, and develop new ways to incorporate individuals and their unique backgrounds into our campaigns and objectives. She has encouraged me to bring this to my own action by designing posts to reach all groups of students when designing posts and images. "
> "I have witnessed my mentor repetitively respect, and develop new ways to incorporate individuals and their unique backgrounds into our campaigns and objectives. She has encouraged me to bring this to my own action by designing posts to reach towards Muslim students when the dining hall offers specific foods of their culture during particular times of the month. "
507c508
< "I helped align the objectives of a group of students and their Professor, [name], involved in the ""Assessing the EU's Influence"" Creative Inquiry project by interviewing the students in the presence of [name], who facilitated their responses within the scope of her own expertise. This aligned the learning experiences of the students involved in the project with the objectives of the Professor that they were assisting in researching the European Union, thus working toward a broader global objective in better understanding how Americans students and researchers interact with the EU."
---
> "I helped align the objectives of a group of students and their Professor, Dr. Amber Curtis, involved in the ""Assessing the EU's Influence"" Creative Inquiry project by interviewing the students in the presence of Dr. Curtis, who facilitated their responses within the scope of her own expertise. This aligned the learning experiences of the students involved in the project with the objectives of the Professor that they were assisting in researching the European Union, thus working toward a broader global objective in better understanding how Americans students and researchers interact with the EU."
513c514
< "I helped further connected the Alper Lab and the Sanabria Lab in the physics department. The Sanabria Lab has equipment that the Alper Lab needs for an experiment. I contacted Dr. Sanabria and asked if we could use the equipment. One of his graduate students will help us with the project. This is beneficial to us because we need the equipment, and it is beneficial to the Sanabria Lab because if they help us, they can get recognized in our papers and presentations. These labs already have a good relationship, but maintaining this is important to our Biophysics community."
---
> "I helped further connected the Alper Lab and the Sanabria Lab in the physics department. The Sanabria Lab has equipment that the Alper Lab needs for an experiment. I contacted Dr. Sanabria and asked if we could use the equipment. One of his graduate students will help us with the project. This is beneficial to us because we need the equipment, and it is beneficial to the Sanabria Lab because if they help us, they can get recognized in our papers and presentations. These labs already have a good relationship, but maintaining this is important to our Biophysics community. "
523c524
< "I initiated a lot of ideas in the office about improving social media tactics. By adding in more features of students, our social media accounts became more personable to our audience."
---
> "I initiated a lot of ideas in the office about improving social media tactics. By adding in more features of students, our social media accounts became more personable to our audience. "
527c528
< "I lead a small group of other interns for completing a project based upon developing a heat map for Statistical Process Control all over the machining area of plant, for the upcoming automotive audit of plant."
---
> "I lead a small group of other interns for completing a project based upon developing a heat map for Statistical Process Control all over the machining area of plant, for the upcoming automotive audit of plant. "
529c530
< "I lead Clemson Life student, [name], through the process of video editing."
---
> "I lead Clemson Life student, Dylan Riker, through the process of video editing. "
534c535
< "I learned a great deal about team leadership and project management from simply watching my supervisors and superiors in my team. They often had to identify and make use of many different peoples backgrounds and skill sets. Often products and projects assigned to our team required implementing Bluetooth capabilities, so we were required to work with electrical and software engineers outside of our group to help accomplish this goal."
---
> "I learned a great deal about team leadership and project management from simply watching my supervisors and superiors in my team. They often had to identify and make use of many different peoples backgrounds and skill sets. Often products and projects assigned to our team required implementing Bluetooth capabilities, so we were required to work with electrical and software engineers outside of our group to help accomplish this goal. "
537c538
< "I led a social media content team composed of 3 Clemson students. It was my responsibility to lead and encourage them throughout their design work, as well as communicate and help with anything they may have struggled with. I became a much stronger leader by being responsible for these students and serving as their mentor over the course of the semester."
---
> "I led a social media content team composed of 3 Clemson students. It was my responsibility to lead and encourage them throughout their design work, as well as communicate and help with anything they may have struggled with. I became a much stronger leader by being responsible for these students and serving as their mentor over the course of the semester. "
542c543
< "I led our team in hiring and training 5 new staff members, as well as moving 3 members up to management positions. I printed and screened over 30 resumes for this onboarding process and shared with each interviewer what each interviewee was going to bring to our desk."
---
> "I led our team in hiring and training 5 new staff members, as well as moving 3 members up to management positions. I printed and screened over 30 resumes for this onboarding process and shared with each interviewer what each interviewee was going to bring to our desk. "
544c545
< "I led the PEER Talks event by completely planning it and delegating responsibilities. [Mentor] wanted to honor the 30th Anniversary of PEER with a big event and I was able to fully develop that idea. PEER Talks was my ""brain-child"" and I was able to engage alumni and celebrate different aspects of the mission statement for PEER"
---
> "I led the PEER Talks event by completely planning it and delegating responsibilities. Mrs. Serita wanted to honor the 30th Anniversary of PEER with a big event and I was able to fully develop that idea. PEER Talks was my ""brain-child"" and I was able to engage alumni and celebrate different aspects of the mission statement for PEER"
549c550
< "I managed three different project teams for Clemson Engineers for Developing Countries. Often, these groups need data from the on-ground interns and our faculty and industry advisers. I also had the opportunity to travel to Cange, Haiti this spring break to experience the community that I am working with. I spent a good part of the semester communicating information about Cange and the needs there to these project teams. It is also within my position to ensure all written deliverables align with the organization's overall mission and apply to the needs of the people."
---
> "I managed three different project teams for Clemson Engineers for Developing Countries. Often, these groups need data from the on-ground interns and our faculty and industry advisers. I also had the opportunity to travel to Cange, Haiti this spring break to experience the community that I am working with. I spent a good part of the semester communicating information about Cange and the needs there to these project teams. It is also within my position to ensure all written deliverables align with the organization's overall mission and apply to the needs of the people. "
554c555
< "I noticed that during my internship, my mentor [mentor] did a great job of helping capitalize on everyone's unique strengths. He knew that interviewing was one of my strengths so he asked me to do particularly tough interviews."
---
> "I noticed that during my internship, my mentor Tullen did a great job of helping capitalize on everyone's unique strengths. He knew that interviewing was one of my strengths so he asked me to do particularly tough interviews."
558c559
< I observed [name] as she led and conducted interns toward their specific goals.
---
> I observed Charly as she led and conducted interns toward their specific goals.
560c561
< "I observed my mentor taking initiative to achieve a common goal all throughout my internship. She connected with business partners from all backgrounds to gather information and resources. For example, she connected with business acumen team to arrange a call center site visit for everyone in the team. This site visit would potentially improve team members' understanding of different business and customer needs. Understanding needs is pivotal to device strategies to achieve a common goal."
---
> "I observed my mentor taking initiative to achieve a common goal all throughout my internship. She connected with business partners from all backgrounds to gather information and resources. For example, she connected with business acumen team to arrange a call center site visit for everyone in the team. This site visit would potentially improve team membersÕ understanding of different business and customer needs. Understanding needs is pivotal to device strategies to achieve a common goal. "
563c564
< "I observed them from my onsite Supervisor [mentor]. He kept the power distance low so that the team confided their actual problems. In my previous experience I saw colleagues hiding critical information from their supervisors. But when [mentor] pushed for something to be done, everybody followed as well."
---
> "I observed them from my onsite Supervisor Bill. He kept the power distance low so that the team confided their actual problems. In my previous experience I saw colleagues hiding critical information from their supervisors. But when Bill pushed for something to be done, everybody followed as well. "
571c572
< I participated in PEER Snapshot by co-leading a tour through Clemson's materials science department.
---
> I participated in PEER Snapshot by co-leading a tour through ClemsonÕs materials science department.
574c575
< "I planned and conducted a class on manners/etiquette to a youth 4-H club, in which they had to be very involved and engage in activities."
---
> "I planned and conducted a class on manners/etiquette to a youth 4-H club, in which they had to be very involved and engage in activities. "
578c579
< "I really only had reliable daily contact with my mentor and my supervisor. Multiple times a day, my mentor would keep us up to date with projects that needed attention as well as prioritizing those that were more important or time sensitive. While doing this, he was able to keep a level head with himself as well as with his coworkers and schedule tasks proficiently without any hiccups."
---
> "I really only had reliable daily contact with my mentor and my supervisor. Multiple times a day, my mentor would keep us up to date with projects that needed attention as well as prioritizing those that were more important or time sensitive. While doing this, he was able to keep a level head with himself as well as with his coworkers and schedule tasks proficiently without any hiccups. "
581c582
< I saw [mentor] take 15 students from all backgrounds and mold us into a collective unit. I was fortunate enough to be a part of this. His goal was to see us succeed and learn along the way and he helped us accomplish those two goals by being our mentor.
---
> I saw Dr. Hannon take 15 students from all backgrounds and mold us into a collective unit. I was fortunate enough to be a part of this. His goal was to see us succeed and learn along the way and he helped us accomplish those two goals by being our mentor.
586c587
< "I saw this when I watched my mentor, [mentor], identify strengths and talents in our team, including myself and our other interns, and assign specific work we could do together as a team, but things that fit our abilities the best. I saw how she was able to manage our Law Enforcement summit preparation along with [name] our GA."
---
> "I saw this when I watched my mentor, Crystal Fulmer, identify strengths and talents in our team, including myself and our other interns, and assign specific work we could do together as a team, but things that fit our abilities the best. I saw how she was able to manage our Law Enforcement summit preparation along with Morgan Danyi our GA. "
588c589
< "I served as a conduit to assist groups in aligning objectives with broader goals of the Honors College in my role of leading the Honors ambassador committee. This is a group of student ambassadors who create novel ideas of how to make the prospective student experience as well as ambassador program more beneficial. This semester, I partnered with some of the committee members during the interview process for new ambassadors. In part of the interview, we were role playing what a prospective visit would be like with a student to evaluate how personable each applicant was. Initially, the role playing was not as professional as I wanted it to be so I was able to discuss what I imagined the role playing situation would be like with the committee member. Working with them, I was able to align our goals to the overall goal of the Honors College to have personable and knowledgeable ambassadors to help the prospective students!"
---
> "I served as a conduit to assist groups in aligning objectives with broader goals of the Honors College in my role of leading the Honors ambassador committee. This is a group of student ambassadors who create novel ideas of how to make the prospective student experience as well as ambassador program more beneficial. This semester, I partnered with some of the committee members during the interview process for new ambassadors. In part of the interview, we were role playing what a prospective visit would be like with a student to evaluate how personable each applicant was. Initially, the role playing was not as professional as I wanted it to be so I was able to discuss what I imagined the role playing situation would be like with the committee member. Working with them, I was able to align our goals to the overall goal of the Honors College to have personable and knowledgeable ambassadors to help the prospective students! "
591c592
< "I served as a leader by helping to edit the intern book for next year. While I unfortunately will not get a chance to meet the intern, I like to think I helped them through this form of advice."
---
> "I served as a leader by helping to edit the intern book for next year. While I unfortunately will not get a chance to meet the intern, I like to think I helped them through this form of advice. "
596c597
< "I started clocking in for my shirt at least thirty minutes early at the beginning of the semester in order to make sure all of my responsibilities were completed in a timely manner. Soon after, my other coworkers began to clock in early as well when they saw how much smoother their daily duties went when they got them done earlier."
---
> "I started clocking in for my shirt at least thirty minutes early at the beginning of the semester in order to make sure all of my responsibilities were completed in a timely manner. Soon after, my other coworkers began to clock in early as well when they saw how much smoother their daily duties went when they got them done earlier. "
600c601
< "I think leadership and collaboration were tied closely together during my internship because the advisors work so closely together at the ASC. When trying to figure out what our student population needed, I asked the advisors for their opinions on workshop topics that the students would benefit from learning and what the most popular majors are. Everyone had diverse ideas and I had the privilege of combining them to make a well- rounded support program."
---
> "I think leadership and collaboration were tied closely together during my internship because the advisors work so closely together at the ASC. When trying to figure out what our student population needed, I asked the advisors for their opinions on workshop topics that the students would benefit from learning and what the most popular majors are. Everyone had diverse ideas and I had the privilege of combining them to make a well- rounded support program. "
608c609
< "I took it upon myself to create a few promo tools to help the Outdoor Lab gain more awareness. My boss didn't necessarily tell me they needed them, but I knew that he wanted to achieve a higher awareness for the business. In the end, we created some great material to move closer towards their vision."
---
> "I took it upon myself to create a few promo tools to help the Outdoor Lab gain more awareness. My boss didn't necessarily tell me they needed them, but I knew that he wanted to achieve a higher awareness for the business. In the end, we created some great material to move closer towards their vision. "
615c616
< "I try to empower the other workers by letting them give their feedback on the magazine. I let them have a say in my work and I give opinions/critique on their work as well. I also showed leadership by running some meetings and asking others to work on specific projects. I also try to show leadership when someone backs out of something or can not do a project, I will step in and take over to make sure the project gets done. For example, we had an interview video to make and the photographer/videographer could not make it last minute. Instead of canceling I decided to still do the interview myself so it would still get done on time."
---
> "I try to empower the other workers by letting them give their feedback on the magazine. I let them have a say in my work and I give opinions/critique on their work as well. I also showed leadership by running some meetings and asking others to work on specific projects. I also try to show leadership when someone backs out of something or can not do a project, I will step in and take over to make sure the project gets done. For example, we had an interview video to make and the photographer/videographer could not make it last minute. Instead of canceling I decided to still do the interview myself so it would still get done on time. "
619c620
< "I was a project management office intern. So I often served as a moderator in quite a few meeting, where I encouraged everyone to express their opinions so we could make sure our decisions were efficient and well informed."
---
> "I was a project management office intern. So I often served as a moderator in quite a few meeting, where I encouraged everyone to express their opinions so we could make sure our decisions were efficient and well informed. "
627c628
< "I was able to see the HR do such a great job at recognizing the hard work that each staff member does. They hosted a nurse appreciation week, a janitorial appreciation week, a family fun day for families of the staff, and constantly praised people for hard work. I contributed to family fun day and received a thank you letter later that week from HR and that spoke volumes to me about how I should treat my co-workers one day."
---
> "I was able to see the HR do such a great job at recognizing the hard work that each staff member does. They hosted a nurse appreciation week, a janitorial appreciation week, a family fun day for families of the staff, and constantly praised people for hard work. I contributed to family fun day and received a thank you letter later that week from HR and that spoke volumes to me about how I should treat my co-workers one day. "
638c639
< "I was in charge of the ""From the Horses Mouth"" pieces for the literacy grant. This meant that for each lesson of the grant I wrote all the information for the lesson."
---
> "I was in charge of the ""From the Horses Mouth"" pieces for the literacy grant. This meant that for each lesson of the grant I wrote all the information for the lesson. "
640c641
< "I was in charge of the Honors Ambassador Committee which was current student ambassadors who were really involved and passionate about the program and help come up with new ideas and determine the direction of the program. During our meetings, I would have a list of topics and introduce the goal of the topic as it related to the Honors Ambassador program and then let them discuss. There were a lot of useful ideas generated and I implemented many of the ideas they came up with."
---
> "I was in charge of the Honors Ambassador Committee which was current student ambassadors who were really involved and passionate about the program and help come up with new ideas and determine the direction of the program. During our meetings, I would have a list of topics and introduce the goal of the topic as it related to the Honors Ambassador program and then let them discuss. There were a lot of useful ideas generated and I implemented many of the ideas they came up with. "
642c643
< I WAS INSPIRED BY HOW MUCH COMMAND MY DEPARTMENT HEAD AT ALL THE MEETINGS AND CONFERENCES. HE LED AND INSPIRED PEOPLE EVERYDAY AND I WOULD OFTEN HEAR PEOPLE SAY I WOULD I WOULD WANT TO DISCUSS WITH [mentor] BEFORE TAKING ANY DECISION ABOUT THE PROJECT
---
> I WAS INSPIRED BY HOW MUCH COMMAND MY DEPARTMENT HEAD AT ALL THE MEETINGS AND CONFERENCES. HE LED AND INSPIRED PEOPLE EVERYDAY AND I WOULD OFTEN HEAR PEOPLE SAY I WOULD I WOULD WANT TO DISCUSS WITH DR.HENIFORD BEFORE TAKING ANY DECISION ABOUT THE PROJECT
646c647
< "I was new to this so I didn't fill a leader role but I did often teach those unskilled in Premiere how to do it and helped them with that. Plus, I know I will help more in the future."
---
> "I was new to this so I didn't fill a leader role but I did often teach those unskilled in Premiere how to do it and helped them with that. Plus, I know I will help more in the future. "
651,652c652,653
< "I was privileged to sit in on several team meetings this semester, and I thought that every individual on my team did a good job of recognizing the strengths of their coworkers. It was evident from the beginning that most employees within the development office have strong relationships with their peers. During collaborative event meetings, each role was delegated to the person who had the best skill set to handle the job."
< "I was put in charge of developing a protocol for a PhD. candidate's research. I had to test many possibilities and create standard operating protocol documents for this candidate. I was then responsible for explaining the process to my other team members, and communicating with the candidate to make sure I was doing what he needed."
---
> "I was privileged to sit in on several team meetings this semester, and I thought that every individual on my team did a good job of recognizing the strengths of their coworkers. It was evident from the beginning that most employees within the development office have strong relationships with their peers. During collaborative event meetings, each role was delegated to the person who had the best skill set to handle the job. "
> "I was put in charge of developing a protocol for a PhD. candidate's research. I had to test many possibilities and create standard operating protocol documents for this candidate. I was then responsible for explaining the process to my other team members, and communicating with the candidate to make sure I was doing what he needed. "
654c655
< "I was solely in charge of my project which really enhanced my leadership abilities. I became much more responsible this semester, and much more in charge of my actions."
---
> "I was solely in charge of my project which really enhanced my leadership abilities. I became much more responsible this semester, and much more in charge of my actions. "
661c662
< "I was told to delineate a sale area, with several SMZ's and lake-fronts, and several ideas of how it should be best laid out (one from the forester, and one from the forest manager). I collaborated with both of them in order to lay it out to the best possible outcome."
---
> "I was told to delineate a sale area, with several SMZ's and lake-fronts, and several ideas of how it should be best laid out (one from the forester, and one from the forest manager). I collaborated with both of them in order to lay it out to the best possible outcome. "
665c666
< I witnessed my mentor [mentor] lead her team in an effective way that capitalized on the unique strengths of the individuals on her team. She recognizes the effort that her team puts into their work and frequently thanks both myself as an intern and her full-time employees for our help and effort to achieve the team's goals. She respects her team by always making any work that is not directly in their job description an optional activity that they can decide to participate in if they want. She develops her employees by encouraging and mentoring them in their current roles and by thinking of their future within the department and how they could grow. She also knows the strengths of her team well and assigns tasks based on those strengths.
---
> I witnessed my mentor Kelly Geiger lead her team in an effective way that capitalized on the unique strengths of the individuals on her team. She recognizes the effort that her team puts into their work and frequently thanks both myself as an intern and her full-time employees for our help and effort to achieve the teamÕs goals. She respects her team by always making any work that is not directly in their job description an optional activity that they can decide to participate in if they want. She develops her employees by encouraging and mentoring them in their current roles and by thinking of their future within the department and how they could grow. She also knows the strengths of her team well and assigns tasks based on those strengths.
672c673
< "I worked with a Career Ambassador to share information on recorded interviews to students. [Mentor], my mentor, gave me full independence in the project with the CA. I created graphics on Adobe Spark and showed the CA my vision. I then directed her in a series of videos to post online."
---
> "I worked with a Career Ambassador to share information on recorded interviews to students. Kathy, my mentor, gave me full independence in the project with the CA. I created graphics on Adobe Spark and showed the CA my vision. I then directed her in a series of videos to post online."
683c684
< "I'm the maintenance lead and my role is to make sure all the machines are functioning properly. With that, I have a huge responsibility along with my leadership."
---
> "I'm the maintenance lead and my role is to make sure all the machines are functioning properly. With that, I have a huge responsibility along with my leadership. "
685c686
< "I've encouraged and commended one coworker on several occasions, to try and get her to come out of her shell and take on her responsibilities at the magazine."
---
> "I've encouraged and commended one coworker on several occasions, to try and get her to come out of her shell and take on her responsibilities at the magazine. "
687,689c688,690
< "I've held multiple leadership positions throughout my time at Clemson. I led our team of interns in the school book project and organized the whole thing. I was able to lead my fellow interns in how to interact with the students and led the students to realize their potential with their writing and reading. However, we all came together with a shared vision of getting the students more interested in reading, and the goal of having the students continue reading and writing when they're home over summer vacation."
< I've observed [name] and his vision for how the building is to be run when we were learning the way the systems interact with each other.
< "I've seen how my mentor and his boss, [name], facilitate discussion in meetings with others in CCIT. They make sure everyone's voice is heard and they make sure we stay on track to achieving the desired goal."
---
> "I've held multiple leadership positions throughout my time at Clemson. I led our team of interns in the school book project and organized the whole thing. I was able to lead my fellow interns in how to interact with the students and led the students to realize their potential with their writing and reading. However, we all came together with a shared vision of getting the students more interested in reading, and the goal of having the students continue reading and writing when they're home over summer vacation. "
> I've observed Mark and his vision for how the building is to be run when we were learning the way the systems interact with each other.
> "I've seen how my mentor and his boss, Dustin, facilitate discussion in meetings with others in CCIT. They make sure everyone's voice is heard and they make sure we stay on track to achieving the desired goal. "
691,692c692,693
< "In a leadership position for the Pearce Digital Marketing team, I helped brainstorm with and lead my peer [name] to her writing subject for her blog post this semester. She was having trouble picking what to write about and I helped her reflect on the semester going over what might be valuable for her to write and the community to read. Additionally, every mandatory meeting we had with the entire group I would synthesize the work we had done for the social media team that week to our UPIC Mentors and what we had in store for the next week."
< "In a meeting with my fellow interns and supervisor, I suggested that instead of holding weekly workshops, we do bi-monthly workshops and have armark cater the events."
---
> "In a leadership position for the Pearce Digital Marketing team, I helped brainstorm with and lead my peer Carter Smith to her writing subject for her blog post this semester. She was having trouble picking what to write about and I helped her reflect on the semester going over what might be valuable for her to write and the community to read. Additionally, every mandatory meeting we had with the entire group I would synthesize the work we had done for the social media team that week to our UPIC Mentors and what we had in store for the next week. "
> "In a meeting with my fellow interns and supervisor, I suggested that instead of holding weekly workshops, we do bi-monthly workshops and have armark cater the events. "
697c698
< "In an engineering meeting, we had to discuss as a group how to best find a solution. There were two solutions agreed upon so we split into two teams to compare the outcomes."
---
> "In an engineering meeting, we had to discuss as a group how to best find a solution. There were two solutions agreed upon so we split into two teams to compare the outcomes. "
699c700
< "In bi-weekly lab meetings with our mentor, my colleague and I gave project updates. We would describe difficulties we were having and then we would all discuss how we could solve/combat these difficulties and move forward in our work."
---
> "In bi-weekly lab meetings with our mentor, my colleague and I gave project updates. We would describe difficulties we were having and then we would all discuss how we could solve/combat these difficulties and move forward in our work. "
703c704
< "In Disney, there are these things called ""Four Keys Cards"" that the employees can receive when they are doing an excellent job in a certain area and this gets put on their record and shows that they are an exceptional employee and can help when trying to get further into the company."
---
> "In Disney, there are these things called ""Four Keys Cards"" that the employees can receive when they are doing an excellent job in a certain area and this gets put on their record and shows that they are an exceptional employee and can help when trying to get further into the company. "
706c707
< "In many day to day tasks, I converse with others that I work with and encourage others to voice their ideas. When making decisions I take into consideration others point of views and ideas."
---
> "In many day to day tasks, I converse with others that I work with and encourage others to voice their ideas. When making decisions I take into consideration others point of views and ideas. "
709c710
< "In my campus recreation internship I sat in on a meeting on how campus recreation can market to the school their new area of Fike Recreation. They were scared the new area would only be attractive to men and no women would use it. I recommended, during the first week of opening, we have trainers there prepared to help anyone who didnt know how to use the equipment. I thought more women would be inclined to use the new area if this was the case."
---
> "In my campus recreation internship I sat in on a meeting on how campus recreation can market to the school their new area of Fike Recreation. They were scared the new area would only be attractive to men and no women would use it. I recommended, during the first week of opening, we have trainers there prepared to help anyone who didnt know how to use the equipment. I thought more women would be inclined to use the new area if this was the case. "
712c713
< "In my internship, I presented a small powerpoint on the applications of 3D printing in healthcare to the School of Nursing Community Advisory Board."
---
> "In my internship, I presented a small powerpoint on the applications of 3D printing in healthcare to the School of Nursing Community Advisory Board. "
714c715
< "In my project, I have three people including me in the team. Sometimes, we had different arguments and didn't agree with another person's argument. To overcome this, I usually listened to their arguments first. Then, I gave another opinion and told them why I didn't like their arguments and why they should agree with my argument. Of course, that's just my opinion. I didn't force them to agree with my argument."
---
> "In my project, I have three people including me in the team. Sometimes, we had different arguments and didn't agree with another person's argument. To overcome this, I usually listened to their arguments first. Then, I gave another opinion and told them why I didn't like their arguments and why they should agree with my argument. Of course, that's just my opinion. I didn't force them to agree with my argument. "
720,721c721,722
< "In one of our larger group meetings, I watched [name] (another social intern) lead a meeting by giving numerous of thoughts. I would then also give my opinion. This helped me become more confident."
< "In order to empower others, I allowed trainees to do protocols first alongside me, and then encouraged them to do the protocols themselves once they felt comfortable on their own. In doing so, the three of us had to work together to achieve experiment goals originally set by myself and [name] through the two years I have been in the lab. Part of this experience also included communicating to others via Poster presentations etc the status of the research and future directions of the lab."
---
> "In one of our larger group meetings, I watched Peyton(another social intern) lead a meeting by giving numerous of thoughts. I would then also give my opinion. This helped me become more confident. "
> "In order to empower others, I allowed trainees to do protocols first alongside me, and then encouraged them to do the protocols themselves once they felt comfortable on their own. In doing so, the three of us had to work together to achieve experiment goals originally set by myself and Dr. Alper through the two years I have been in the lab. Part of this experience also included communicating to others via Poster presentations etc the status of the research and future directions of the lab. "
724c725
< In organizing and delegating the daily lab tasks [name] identified the strengths of all lab members and used them to assign the most suitable task to each member.
---
> In organizing and delegating the daily lab tasks Dr. Blubaugh identified the strengths of all lab members and used them to assign the most suitable task to each member.
726,727c727,728
< "In our UPIC site visit, it was important for me to tell the coordinator the many things we have accomplished as a research team. Talking about the WRAPPED data analysis, talking about the proposals we have written and the fellowship applications we have written. It was also important for me to say the importance of the work we have done, because we have touched raw data that can help engineering students in SC. And it is important for me to communicate that to people."
< In our weekly group meetings with [name]'s grad students each week s.o. would present his current research. [Name] always encouraged but also questioned them in order to improve their research.
---
> "In our UPIC site visit, it was important for me to tell the coordinator the many things we have accomplished as a research team. Talking about the WRAPPED data analysis, talking about the proposals we have written and the fellowship applications we have written. It was also important for me to say the importance of the work we have done, because we have touched raw data that can help engineering students in SC. And it is important for me to communicate that to people. "
> In our weekly group meetings with Dr. Moysey's grad students each week s.o. would present his current research. Dr. Moysey always encouraged but also questioned them in order to improve their research.
731c732
< "In our weekly update meetings [mentor], my UPIC mentor, shows leadership by taking the groups task of creating an online platform for the lab and expressing both his opinion on what is best and being open to receive ideas from all involved."
---
> "In our weekly update meetings David Vaughn, my UPIC mentor, shows leadership by taking the groups task of creating an online platform for the lab and expressing both his opinion on what is best and being open to receive ideas from all involved."
733c734
< "In the Alper lab, my research as direct connections to several other projects that are going on in the lab; these serve to branch biology with physics. In particular, I work alongside a colleague named [name] who is working on creating an optical tweezer that can be used for experimentation. Eventually the proteins that I purify will be placed within this system. Since we come from such different backgrounds, often time our approach to the same issue can be very different. In these instances, it is critical that we discuss all of our options, decide which plan suits our goals best, and which is the best way to achieve this goal in a timely and satisfactory manner. Together, we can coordinate our efforts in order to ultimately achieve our research goal of using a physical construct to obtain biological information."
---
> "In the Alper lab, my research as direct connections to several other projects that are going on in the lab; these serve to branch biology with physics. In particular, I work alongside a colleague named Subash who is working on creating an optical tweezer that can be used for experimentation. Eventually the proteins that I purify will be placed within this system. Since we come from such different backgrounds, often time our approach to the same issue can be very different. In these instances, it is critical that we discuss all of our options, decide which plan suits our goals best, and which is the best way to achieve this goal in a timely and satisfactory manner. Together, we can coordinate our efforts in order to ultimately achieve our research goal of using a physical construct to obtain biological information. "
737c738
< "In the classroom, I noticed my mentor working with a group of four students. She was helping them complete their maths. She gave them the directions and assisted them when necessary. The students were able to ask questions and the teacher gave productive feedback. Ultimately, they all finished the maths problems and turned in their assignments. The students demonstrated an understanding of the material during a lesson later in the day."
---
> "In the classroom, I noticed my mentor working with a group of four students. She was helping them complete their maths. She gave them the directions and assisted them when necessary. The students were able to ask questions and the teacher gave productive feedback. Ultimately, they all finished the maths problems and turned in their assignments. The students demonstrated an understanding of the material during a lesson later in the day. "
741,744c742,745
< "In the office, all of the interns help out with tasks related to football weekends. We delegate those tasks each home football game weekend and try to complete them the Thursday before the game. We all understand how important every detail is and know that if our work is thorough, then our donors will want to keep coming back to the football games."
< "In the office, the department would have people nominate their coworkers for various accomplisments throughout the past month as well as honor those who have had the most donor visits or asks. I saw how the office celebrates different types of successes, personal, employees helping others, and going the extra mile as well as successes in the office."
< "In the process of developing the Farm Days plan, we met with the staff of the Bart Garrison Agricultural Museum of SC to develop the plans. During this, I worked to encourage everyone to share the ideas, especially those I had heard my coworkers mention prior and I thought would be great ideas to implement for the event. Though I was not strictly in charge of the meeting, I knew the successful sharing of all the available ideas would be greatly beneficial to a success event and made sure to lead the discussion towards this beneficial sharing."
< "In the yearly water consortium held in Clemson this year, stakeholders form a multitude of government organizations came together to discuss ways to improve water quality across the upstate of South Carolina. I helped lead this program and facilitated the combination and change of information."
---
> "In the office, all of the interns help out with tasks related to football weekends. We delegate those tasks each home football game weekend and try to complete them the Thursday before the game. We all understand how important every detail is and know that if our work is thorough, then our donors will want to keep coming back to the football games. "
> "In the office, the department would have people nominate their coworkers for various accomplisments throughout the past month as well as honor those who have had the most donor visits or asks. I saw how the office celebrates different types of successes, personal, employees helping others, and going the extra mile as well as successes in the office. "
> "In the process of developing the Farm Days plan, we met with the staff of the Bart Garrison Agricultural Museum of SC to develop the plans. During this, I worked to encourage everyone to share the ideas, especially those I had heard my coworkers mention prior and I thought would be great ideas to implement for the event. Though I was not strictly in charge of the meeting, I knew the successful sharing of all the available ideas would be greatly beneficial to a success event and made sure to lead the discussion towards this beneficial sharing. "
> "In the yearly water consortium held in Clemson this year, stakeholders form a multitude of government organizations came together to discuss ways to improve water quality across the upstate of South Carolina. I helped lead this program and facilitated the combination and change of information. "
747,748c748,749
< "Inspired by some of the tools that we found at AMECO, we acquired a large 50 mm combination wrench that we determined would be a neat way to award the project group that we deemed to be the hardest working group among all of the groups in CEDC. Concrete Testing, the project group that reported to me, was an extremely productive and effective group and were lead by a great project manager. We decided to begin ""The Wrench"" award this semester and by awarding this group ""The Wrench"" at the end of the semester, we saw that recognizing and awarding hard work and leadership would inspire other groups to do the same."
< "Instead of assigning me and the other 2 interns with projects to do, [name] laid out 3 main projects that she needed done in the beginning of the semester and allowed us to chose the ones that fit best with our strengths."
---
> "Inspired by some of the tools that we found at AMECO, we acquired a large 50 mm combination wrench that we determined would be a neat way to award the project group that we deemed to be the hardest working group among all of the groups in CEDC. Concrete Testing, the project group that reported to me, was an extremely productive and effective group and were lead by a great project manager. We decided to begin ÒThe WrenchÓ award this semester and by awarding this group ÒThe WrenchÓ at the end of the semester, we saw that recognizing and awarding hard work and leadership would inspire other groups to do the same."
> "Instead of assigning me and the other 2 interns with projects to do, Chloe laid out 3 main projects that she needed done in the beginning of the semester and allowed us to chose the ones that fit best with our strengths. "
757,760c758,761
< "[Mentor] had all of her interns meet with her as a group at least once a week. In these meetings, [mentor] would praise us for what we did well and give us ways we could improve. On top of that, she asked our opinions about different issues to come to conclusions about Inside Clemson. We were given the chance to put our two cents into discussions rather than just being told what to do. By working together, we could come to better conclusions than just having [mentor] tell us what she thought about those issues. She really valued our opinions in those meetings and it was incredibly empowering."
< "[Name], who is the newest member of the compliance team, showed her worth by putting in more work and vouching for herself than anyone else in the office."
< "Just as mentioned above I have worked at my hometown since the summer prior to my sophomore year of high school. I am now headboard, manager on duty, head trainer, swim coach, and swim lesson instructor. I have to work well with my co-workers, show them respect and delegate efficiently. Especially as during high school, many do not want to put in the extra effort to efficiently do their job, I must make sure that I lead properly in order to maintain the work environment and get work don't well without creating a hostile environment. I have initiated a lot of events as well as changes regarding staffing and training."
< "Just the other day, I was helping with a volunteer opportunity that was brought to my attention through work and got to meet some partners and individuals iMAGINE has a great working relationship with. I was able to see how they brought the group together and would ask questions to others that were thoughtful and got the others engaged by answering and thinking about answers."
---
> "Jackie had all of her interns meet with her as a group at least once a week. In these meetings, Jackie would praise us for what we did well and give us ways we could improve. On top of that, she asked our opinions about different issues to come to conclusions about Inside Clemson. We were given the chance to put our two cents into discussions rather than just being told what to do. By working together, we could come to better conclusions than just having Jackie tell us what she thought about those issues. She really valued our opinions in those meetings and it was incredibly empowering."
> "Jordy, who is the newest member of the compliance team, showed her worth by putting in more work and vouching for herself than anyone else in the office. "
> "Just as mentioned above I have worked at my hometown since the summer prior to my sophomore year of high school. I am now headboard, manager on duty, head trainer, swim coach, and swim lesson instructor. I have to work well with my co-workers, show them respect and delegate efficiently. Especially as during high school, many do not want to put in the extra effort to efficiently do their job, I must make sure that I lead properly in order to maintain the work environment and get work don't well without creating a hostile environment. I have initiated a lot of events as well as changes regarding staffing and training. "
> "Just the other day, I was helping with a volunteer opportunity that was brought to my attention through work and got to meet some partners and individuals iMAGINE has a great working relationship with. I was able to see how they brought the group together and would ask questions to others that were thoughtful and got the others engaged by answering and thinking about answers. "
762,764c763,765
< [Name] worked tirelessly to put on the first coffee house and shuttled all around Clemson and Anderson to get catering and make sure everything was right. This showed dedication and helped us achieve our first successful event.
< [Name] showed immense leadership when starting the development of our innovated evaluation system when we all got together to meet on the next steps to make it actually happen
< "Last semester, I attended the CECAS Donors Event on behalf of the PEER/WISE Department. Many of the people in attendance were donors to the PEER/WISE Department and I was able to share the positive impact the department has had on me during my time at Clemson and how much I enjoy being able to impact others in a similar manner."
---
> Krysten worked tirelessly to put on the first coffee house and shuttled all around Clemson and Anderson to get catering and make sure everything was right. This showed dedication and helped us achieve our first successful event.
> Kyle showed immense leadership when starting the development of our innovated evaluation system when we all got together to meet on the next steps to make it actually happen
> "Last semester, I attended the CECAS Donors Event on behalf of the PEER/WISE Department. Many of the people in attendance were donors to the PEER/WISE Department and I was able to share the positive impact the department has had on me during my time at Clemson and how much I enjoy being able to impact others in a similar manner. "
772,775c773,776
< "Leadership is a big part of my role as intern. For example, I lead an information session on group fitness classes for the orientation ambassadors. I lead over 40 ambassadors through a workout and had them work together as a team to finish it."
< "Leadership is not just taking responsibility for large projects, it is being a leader everyday. I feel that I exemplified this by taking charge everyday of the work assigned to me and then going above and beyond to complete that work."
< "Leadership is sometimes a hard role to perform when working as an intern. Regardless of the challenges, it is important to show that you are able to perform your tasks without being watched over constantly. During my internship, I had to take partial leadership of overseeing the TigerSTEPS program. I had to make decisions on how the program would be ran, along with decisions on specific cases. If there were thing that I thought could be improved upon it was up to me to bring that up to the others who also were working on TigerSTEPS with me. As an intern, I had to act as a leader and make my own decisions, while also checking in with a supervisor. This is a unique opportunity because if I was unsure of something I had people to go to for help. While leadership isn't my best competency, it has improved, but there is still plenty of room for growth."
< "Leadership is the area I think I gained the most this semester. I was often training other interns in the production room to create different types of jobs. I was able to teach other interns different things the computers could do, the best techniques for sign mounting, canvas building, printing, and laminating."
---
> "Leadership is a big part of my role as intern. For example, I lead an information session on group fitness classes for the orientation ambassadors. I lead over 40 ambassadors through a workout and had them work together as a team to finish it. "
> "Leadership is not just taking responsibility for large projects, it is being a leader everyday. I feel that I exemplified this by taking charge everyday of the work assigned to me and then going above and beyond to complete that work. "
> "Leadership is sometimes a hard role to perform when working as an intern. Regardless of the challenges, it is important to show that you are able to perform your tasks without being watched over constantly. During my internship, I had to take partial leadership of overseeing the TigerSTEPS program. I had to make decisions on how the program would be ran, along with decisions on specific cases. If there were thing that I thought could be improved upon it was up to me to bring that up to the others who also were working on TigerSTEPS with me. As an intern, I had to act as a leader and make my own decisions, while also checking in with a supervisor. This is a unique opportunity because if I was unsure of something I had people to go to for help. While leadership isnÕt my best competency, it has improved, but there is still plenty of room for growth. "
> "Leadership is the area I think I gained the most this semester. I was often training other interns in the production room to create different types of jobs. I was able to teach other interns different things the computers could do, the best techniques for sign mounting, canvas building, printing, and laminating. "
783,784c784,785
< "Like I said before, I have led multiple project while interning in the IT Department. This has allowed me use leadership skills to foster collaboration and achieve the results we need to accomplish our task."
< "Like I said earlier, I had to work with other process engineers and develop experiments that are good for the future of the company and the advancement of scientific knowledge."
---
> "Like I said before, I have led multiple project while interning in the IT Department. This has allowed me use leadership skills to foster collaboration and achieve the results we need to accomplish our task. "
> "Like I said earlier, I had to work with other process engineers and develop experiments that are good for the future of the company and the advancement of scientific knowledge. "
787,788c788,789
< "Many of the other student workers would ask me what there was today, and we would all work together to accomplish goals. Each employee has a special talent when it came to jobs that would utilize their potential we were sure to put them on that job."
< "Many of the people of the lab have specialized skills, be it Unity, design, or circuit design. To finish projects as efficiently as possible, projects are divided among the team based on their strengths. The original concept art will be done by one person, and then built and finalized by a pair of others."
---
> "Many of the other student workers would ask me what there was today, and we would all work together to accomplish goals. Each employee has a special talent when it came to jobs that would utilize their potential we were sure to put them on that job. "
> "Many of the people of the lab have specialized skills, be it Unity, design, or circuit design. To finish projects as efficiently as possible, projects are divided among the team based on their strengths. The original concept art will be done by one person, and then built and finalized by a pair of others. "
791c792
< "Many times we have large lists of things to do before a seminar or trial. This can be overwhelming when there are only 2 or 3 people working at a time, but consistently we all gather together and discuss who is best at what and work to people's strengths, while trying to teach the others these tasks so they can accomplish them later on. We, in a sense, divide and conquer the huge list of tasks that need to be done and all continue to learn new things along the way."
---
> "Many times we have large lists of things to do before a seminar or trial. This can be overwhelming when there are only 2 or 3 people working at a time, but consistently we all gather together and discuss who is best at what and work to people's strengths, while trying to teach the others these tasks so they can accomplish them later on. We, in a sense, divide and conquer the huge list of tasks that need to be done and all continue to learn new things along the way. "
794,795c795,796
< "[Name] and [another name] created content for the college on a regular basis, telling the stories of staff members and students. Being able to tell the stories of individuals who share different beliefs, values, and goals is important for showcasing what each individual offers to Clemson. They are strong communicators and leaders."
< "[Mentor] is the mentor for two UPIC interns, I do the graphics and [name] does videography for the office. At the beginning of the semester he did a good job of introducing us and helping us get to know each other better. He is really good about recognizing our strengths and knowing what projects to give us."
---
> "Michael and Melanie created content for the college on a regular basis, telling the stories of staff members and students. Being able to tell the stories of individuals who share different beliefs, values, and goals is important for showcasing what each individual offers to Clemson. They are strong communicators and leaders."
> "Michael is the mentor for two UPIC interns, I do the graphics and Alyx does videography for the office. At the beginning of the semester he did a good job of introducing us and helping us get to know each other better. He is really good about recognizing our strengths and knowing what projects to give us. "
797c798
< "Ministry leader [mentor] knew how to pull out the talents in her staff and interns. [Mentor] recognized the musical and teaching gifitngs of our administrator and gently called upon her to use them, pulling her just outside her comfort zone for the growth of the person and the ministry. It was really neat to see."
---
> "Ministry leader Tammie Southerland knew how to pull out the talents in her staff and interns. Tammie recognized the musical and teaching gifitngs of our administrator and gently called upon her to use them, pulling her just outside her comfort zone for the growth of the person and the ministry. It was really neat to see."
801,802c802,803
< "[Mentor] constantly recognizes and capitalizes on the unique strengths of [name], an Engineering who works in the PEER/WISE study hall."
< "Multiple new employees starting working in the Study Abroad Office this semester and my mentor, [mentor], did a great job respecting their strengths as they began working together throughout the semester."
---
> "Mrs. Lisa constantly recognizes and capitalizes on the unique strengths of Patrick, an Engineering who works in the PEER/WISE study hall."
> "Multiple new employees starting working in the Study Abroad Office this semester and my mentor, Mandy Prorok, did a great job respecting their strengths as they began working together throughout the semester."
809c810
< My boss [mentor] has shown me the path to being great mentor by just the way she treats the ones around the office.
---
> My boss Lisa Jackson has shown me the path to being great mentor by just the way she treats the ones around the office.
811c812
< "My boss [mentor] is an incredible leaders, she handles the business development side of Trinity Sport. This includes camps, bookings, social media, promotions, and membership so she has lots to look after. She has a team of employees and interns that she is responsible for and does a wonderful job empowering each of us and delegating work efficiently and smartly. I have been watching her keenly to learn from her leadership skills each time we have a team project."
---
> "My boss Rosie is an incredible leaders, she handles the business development side of Trinity Sport. This includes camps, bookings, social media, promotions, and membership so she has lots to look after. She has a team of employees and interns that she is responsible for and does a wonderful job empowering each of us and delegating work efficiently and smartly. I have been watching her keenly to learn from her leadership skills each time we have a team project. "
816,817c817,818
< "My direct report was [mentor], a guardianship clerk. She directed all of the interns during various projects in order to improve the efficiency of the probate court."
< "My entire internship centered around my ability to encourage discussion among individuals (mainly professors). One particular story that pertains to this interview question is my meeting with [name] (professor and chair of the materials science and engineering department) at the beginning of the semester. I explained to him my intentions of getting the entire department involved in the updating of content on the website and he agreed that this would be the most effective way of creating a better webpage for the department. After our meeting, he sent out an email to every professor in the department asking if anyone had relevant content or suggestions on how to make the website better as well as my contact information. This created a platform for professors and other members of the department to get in contact with me to voice their opinions and communicate relevant information."
---
> "My direct report was Tina Homer, a guardianship clerk. She directed all of the interns during various projects in order to improve the efficiency of the probate court. "
> "My entire internship centered around my ability to encourage discussion among individuals (mainly professors). One particular story that pertains to this interview question is my meeting with Dr. Rajedra Bordia (professor and chair of the materials science and engineering department) at the beginning of the semester. I explained to him my intentions of getting the entire department involved in the updating of content on the website and he agreed that this would be the most effective way of creating a better webpage for the department. After our meeting, he sent out an email to every professor in the department asking if anyone had relevant content or suggestions on how to make the website better as well as my contact information. This created a platform for professors and other members of the department to get in contact with me to voice their opinions and communicate relevant information. "
819,821c820,822
< My first semester as an intern -Didn't really have any leadership responsibilities -Just getting to know the people and the facility and how things are run
< "My host/supervisor in the company is the team lead for this project and I observed how he coordinated with full time employees and other interns in order to combine all the individual knowledge, skills, background and tasks in such a way that in totality the project turns out to be a success."
< "My internship did not entail a lot of leadership roles, however, I was very lucky to be able to work alongside many great leaders throughout my time at IPTAY. One great example would be our CEO, [name]. Most of my interactions with [name] came from our Monday morning staff meetings. He was very effective in making sure that every voice in the room was heard (including mine), and took viewpoints from all different departments and backgrounds and into consideration when any kind of debate was going on. He always had a way of asking the right questions to get the most out of an idea or a topic, and knew how to balance differing opinions in order to reach the best possible conclusion for the group."
---
> -My first semester as an intern -DidnÕt really have any leadership responsibilities -Just getting to know the people and the facility and how things are run
> "My host/supervisor in the company is the team lead for this project and I observed how he coordinated with full time employees and other interns in order to combine all the individual knowledge, skills, background and tasks in such a way that in totality the project turns out to be a success. "
> "My internship did not entail a lot of leadership roles, however, I was very lucky to be able to work alongside many great leaders throughout my time at IPTAY. One great example would be our CEO, Davis Babb. Most of my interactions with Mr. Babb came from our Monday morning staff meetings. He was very effective in making sure that every voice in the room was heard (including mine), and took viewpoints from all different departments and backgrounds and into consideration when any kind of debate was going on. He always had a way of asking the right questions to get the most out of an idea or a topic, and knew how to balance differing opinions in order to reach the best possible conclusion for the group."
823,824c824,825
< "My internship was based less in sharing ideas than in completing tasks as necessary. Our shared vision was to promote the University, and we had to do that in every aspect of our job. Occasionally that goal was hard to achieve. For instance, we had to run a story about the director of parking services, and we had to debate whether or not to portray him in a good light (leaving out the outrage over parking on campus), or to be honest about the way that parking services needs to improve to meet the needs of students and faculty. This discussion had to be open and everyone had to share their views. In the end, honesty won out."
< "My job here was usually a one man job if I was not collaborating with other groups. In collaboration, leadership was required to get the job done and make sure I that what I am creating is what they want."
---
> "My internship was based less in sharing ideas than in completing tasks as necessary. Our shared vision was to promote the University, and we had to do that in every aspect of our job. Occasionally that goal was hard to achieve. For instance, we had to run a story about the director of parking services, and we had to debate whether or not to portray him in a good light (leaving out the outrage over parking on campus), or to be honest about the way that parking services needs to improve to meet the needs of students and faculty. This discussion had to be open and everyone had to share their views. In the end, honesty won out. "
> "My job here was usually a one man job if I was not collaborating with other groups. In collaboration, leadership was required to get the job done and make sure I that what I am creating is what they want. "
827c828
< My manager lead her team in discussions about hiring another intern for the next semester. Some people in the group had differing opinions on who they should hire. My manager took everyone's opinions seriously and discussed each candidates merits. She eventually led them to a consensus and selected the intern to hire for next semester.
---
> My manager lead her team in discussions about hiring another intern for the next semester. Some people in the group had differing opinions on who they should hire. My manager took everyoneÕs opinions seriously and discussed each candidates merits. She eventually led them to a consensus and selected the intern to hire for next semester.
835c836
< "My mentor had asked me to begin a layout for the Watt Center Annual Report, and we went back and forth with different ideas we had for color templates and infographics. I continually asked for feedback from her and from my other co-workers and encouraged them to contribute ideas as well so I could achieve a cohesive design that pleased everyone."
---
> "My mentor had asked me to begin a layout for the Watt Center Annual Report, and we went back and forth with different ideas we had for color templates and infographics. I continually asked for feedback from her and from my other co-workers and encouraged them to contribute ideas as well so I could achieve a cohesive design that pleased everyone. "
838c839
< "My mentor is especially good at capitalizing on my strengths and recognizing things that I should work on. She has given me several tasks she knew I could do but would challenge me. But on the other hand she has also given me tasks, like making quick edits to our logo when a sponsor needs specific dimensions or a transparent background or a different file type. She is able to recognize that asking someone else will take time where as I'm available and can get things back to her quickly. [Name], the director, has also been able to capitalize on my strength of having an artistic eye and being a perfectionist. Whenever she is creating marketing material, she asks me to look at it and make adjustments to format, colors, fonts, arrangement, text, etc."
---
> "My mentor is especially good at capitalizing on my strengths and recognizing things that I should work on. She has given me several tasks she knew I could do but would challenge me. But on the other hand she has also given me tasks, like making quick edits to our logo when a sponsor needs specific dimensions or a transparent background or a different file type. She is able to recognize that asking someone else will take time where as IÕm available and can get things back to her quickly. Melissa, the director, has also been able to capitalize on my strength of having an artistic eye and being a perfectionist. Whenever she is creating marketing material, she asks me to look at it and make adjustments to format, colors, fonts, arrangement, text, etc. "
842,844c843,845
< My mentor [mentor] does a good job of playing on each of our strengths but also challenging us to work on our weaknesses.
< "My mentor makes sure to emphasize the strengths of myself and my coworker, [name]. She gives us projects that are a good fit for us personally and utilizes our unique skills. For example, she will give [name] a project that is more graphically oriented and give me one that is more written."
< "My mentor [mentor] actively points his interns towards jobs that are more towards their strengths. For instance, I'm better at coding than working at hardware, so I'm usually given the coding projects for the semester."
---
> My mentor Lydia does a good job of playing on each of our strengths but also challenging us to work on our weaknesses.
> "My mentor makes sure to emphasize the strengths of myself and my coworker, Thomas. She gives us projects that are a good fit for us personally and utilizes our unique skills. For example, she will give Thomas a project that is more graphically oriented and give me one that is more written."
> "My mentor Mark Jensen actively points his interns towards jobs that are more towards their strengths. For instance, I'm better at coding than working at hardware, so I'm usually given the coding projects for the semester. "
847c848
< "My mentor [mentor] has to communicate with all people within the department on a daily basis because she handles so much of the administrative work. It seems like it can be challenging at times, because there are language and culture barriers, as well as age barriers. She caters to all of this and is mindful of all of it as a leader"
---
> "My mentor Terri has to communicate with all people within the department on a daily basis because she handles so much of the administrative work. It seems like it can be challenging at times, because there are language and culture barriers, as well as age barriers. She caters to all of this and is mindful of all of it as a leader"
849c850
< "My mentor was a great leader and got different people together all the time. For every marketing campaign we did, she brought together people who had different strengths to complement each other."
---
> "My mentor was a great leader and got different people together all the time. For every marketing campaign we did, she brought together people who had different strengths to complement each other. "
851c852
< "My mentor, [mentor] who is the manager for Final Assembly and Final Test has to manage operators, supervisors, engineers, interns and also his relationship with the higher management. He is direct, effective, and values every small contribution from every possible source at his dispense."
---
> "My mentor, Joseph Gleaves who is the manager for Final Assembly and Final Test has to manage operators, supervisors, engineers, interns and also his relationship with the higher management. He is direct, effective, and values every small contribution from every possible source at his dispense."
856,859c857,860
< "My responsibility includes answering emails for all the users that using this open source product -- indeed lot of people ask vague questions -- rather than immediately start to answer those vague questions, To lead the conversation, I'd like to provide them meaningful information of this product, in order to help us to converge to one or two specific questions. Sometimes I'll ask them the reason why they want to do a certain thing, or sometimes I'll just ask them for more information, etc. Then based on the their goal, I will provide the capability for the open source product. If we find some agreement, then we'll dig through it to shape a solution/idea."
< "My site mentor often times led the meetings and helped steer them into the right direction when it came to achieving their goals of the meeting, whether that was just talking about an upcoming event or learning how to edit a website."
< "My site mentor, [mentor], did a great job of recognizing the different strengths of myself and [name] when planning and preparing for our weekly informational videos. She recognized that I had an ease with being on camera and communicating with people, while [name] was superb at the editing and formatting of the videos, wherein I struggled. Under her guidance we were able to most efficiently conquer the task at hand."
< "My story for this one is a bit of a touchy topic with my department, and I cannot take full credit for how the situation came about, or how it was handled. At the beginning of the semester, I began hearing discussions/complaints between coworkers regarding compensation. At first, I didn't feel this was a serious issue, but as time went on, more and more people mentioned this to me, my counterpart ([name]), and another coworker (will remain nameless). After we had a full operations staff meeting one night, the three of us sat down with our new supervisor and discussed the issue of several very skilled staff members feeling they were being underpaid for the work they do, and were considering seeking employment elsewhere. After hours of discussion, my coworker felt it was best to create a group chat with all that felt they were underpaid, and added [name] and me to it as well. In this group chat, everyone was encouraged to express their opinions, why they felt the way that they did, and what they felt would be the best solution. [Name] and I, who work closely with our full-time staff members facilitated the questions and assured everyone that their concerns were being heard, even if they felt nothing was being done about it. While all of this was going on, our supervisor was working on finding a short term solution to ease the tension while other full-time staff work on finding a more long-term solution. At the end of the day, I feel the group chat was a great way to ease tension and make people feel like they were actually being listened to while a solution was worked out."
---
> "My responsibility includes answering emails for all the users that using this open source product -- indeed lot of people ask vague questions -- rather than immediately start to answer those vague questions, To lead the conversation, I'd like to provide them meaningful information of this product, in order to help us to converge to one or two specific questions. Sometimes I'll ask them the reason why they want to do a certain thing, or sometimes I'll just ask them for more information, etc. Then based on the their goal, I will provide the capability for the open source product. If we find some agreement, then we'll dig through it to shape a solution/idea. "
> "My site mentor often times led the meetings and helped steer them into the right direction when it came to achieving their goals of the meeting, whether that was just talking about an upcoming event or learning how to edit a website. "
> "My site mentor, Charly McConnel, did a great job of recognizing the different strengths of myself and Jessie when planning and preparing for our weekly informational videos. She recognized that I had an ease with being on camera and communicating with people, while Jessie was superb at the editing and formatting of the videos, wherein I struggled. Under her guidance we were able to most efficiently conquer the task at hand. "
> "My story for this one is a bit of a touchy topic with my department, and I cannot take full credit for how the situation came about, or how it was handled. At the beginning of the semester, I began hearing discussions/complaints between coworkers regarding compensation. At first, I didn't feel this was a serious issue, but as time went on, more and more people mentioned this to me, my counterpart (Quinton), and another coworker (will remain nameless). After we had a full operations staff meeting one night, the three of us sat down with our new supervisor and discussed the issue of several very skilled staff members feeling they were being underpaid for the work they do, and were considering seeking employment elsewhere. After hours of discussion, my coworker felt it was best to create a group chat with all that felt they were underpaid, and added Quinton and me to it as well. In this group chat, everyone was encouraged to express their opinions, why they felt the way that they did, and what they felt would be the best solution. Quinton and I, who work closely with our full-time staff members facilitated the questions and assured everyone that their concerns were being heard, even if they felt nothing was being done about it. While all of this was going on, our supervisor was working on finding a short term solution to ease the tension while other full-time staff work on finding a more long-term solution. At the end of the day, I feel the group chat was a great way to ease tension and make people feel like they were actually being listened to while a solution was worked out."
869c870
< My supervisor [mentor] is a great example of a wonderful leader that encourages everyone to be the best employee they can. She explained things in a way that everyone understood and she made sure to take the time to explain something if I didn't understand. She was always willing to listen to everyone's opinions and ideas on future social content and promotions. I can't thank her enough for being such a wonderful example of the leader I hope to be one day. And words will never describe how grateful I am for this wonderful opportunity.
---
> My supervisor Holly is a great example of a wonderful leader that encourages everyone to be the best employee they can. She explained things in a way that everyone understood and she made sure to take the time to explain something if I didn't understand. She was always willing to listen to everyone's opinions and ideas on future social content and promotions. I can't thank her enough for being such a wonderful example of the leader I hope to be one day. And words will never describe how grateful I am for this wonderful opportunity.
873,876c874,877
< My supervisor [mentor] helped me multiple times with projects that I had messed up on. I had a big problem with learning the steps of production and mastering the production processes. [Mentor] was always there to help and fix whatever I had messed up on.
< "My supervisor organized me into a group with another person working on a different project than me, so that we could both get experience and learn from each other."
< "My supervisor oversees all interns. She tracks each projects' progress and support interns in their interaction with research experts. Since the Research-to-Policy Collaboration works on an array of social issues, interns have the opportunity to choose to work on a topic that they already feel passionate about or one that they've been wanting to explore but haven't had the chance; a topic of which they are experts or one that they want to learn about. She gives room for the interns to explore the topics and tasks while also supporting them throughout the process."
< My supervisor recognized the strengths of each student and professional on a daily basis and tailored the day's goals on the given volunteers abilities. One time we had two dentists volunteer at an elementary school and I was given the task of sanitizing the equipment.
---
> My supervisor Nathan helped me multiple times with projects that I had messed up on. I had a big problem with learning the steps of production and mastering the production processes. Nathan was always there to help and fix whatever I had messed up on.
> "My supervisor organized me into a group with another person working on a different project than me, so that we could both get experience and learn from each other. "
> "My supervisor oversees all interns. She tracks each projects' progress and support interns in their interaction with research experts. Since the Research-to-Policy Collaboration works on an array of social issues, interns have the opportunity to choose to work on a topic that they already feel passionate about or one that they've been wanting to explore but haven't had the chance; a topic of which they are experts or one that they want to learn about. She gives room for the interns to explore the topics and tasks while also supporting them throughout the process. "
> My supervisor recognized the strengths of each student and professional on a daily basis and tailored the day's goals on the given volunteers« abilities. One time we had two dentists volunteer at an elementary school and I was given the task of sanitizing the equipment.
878c879
< My supervisor [mentor] consistently kept up with how each one of her employees were doing personally and with their work. Her leadership created a fun and efficient work environment.
---
> My supervisor Sheri consistently kept up with how each one of her employees were doing personally and with their work. Her leadership created a fun and efficient work environment.
882,884c883,885
< "My supervisor, [mentor], does a great job at being a leader. She is a great example of what a leader should be like. She encourages all of us when we have a creative idea and is quite flexible and understanding. During our group meetings she allows us all to speak and be part of the dialogue."
< "My supervisor, [mentor], Lead our group of PEER mentors every week at staff meetings. And I particularly remember her leading the group towards improving the organization by encouraging us to Lead committees within PEER that would enhance our visibility on campus throughout the semester."
< "My supervisor, [mentor], displayed excellent leadership skills when we had to install a tv monitor in Vickery hall and also run cabling through a table. He instructed the team on how to do each task and was able to answer questions when somebody was confused as to how something should be solved. For instance, when installing the first tv monitor it wouldn't mount to the wall well and as a team we solved it together. [Mentor] then took note of this and applied it to other buildings on campus when the same kind of monitor would be installed."
---
> "My supervisor, Lisa Jackson, does a great job at being a leader. She is a great example of what a leader should be like. She encourages all of us when we have a creative idea and is quite flexible and understanding. During our group meetings she allows us all to speak and be part of the dialogue."
> "My supervisor, Ms. Jackson, Lead our group of PEER mentors every week at staff meetings. And I particularly remember her leading the group towards improving the organization by encouraging us to Lead committees within PEER that would enhance our visibility on campus throughout the semester."
> "My supervisor, Tim Dickson, displayed excellent leadership skills when we had to install a tv monitor in Vickery hall and also run cabling through a table. He instructed the team on how to do each task and was able to answer questions when somebody was confused as to how something should be solved. For instance, when installing the first tv monitor it wouldn't mount to the wall well and as a team we solved it together. Tim then took note of this and applied it to other buildings on campus when the same kind of monitor would be installed."
887c888
< "My work team holds weekly meetings to handle business of the lab, regular project updates and discuss new discoveries in the field. This meeting has allowed me to spark open and honest discussion between my coworkers about the projects that we are working on."
---
> "My work team holds weekly meetings to handle business of the lab, regular project updates and discuss new discoveries in the field. This meeting has allowed me to spark open and honest discussion between my coworkers about the projects that we are working on. "
890c891
< "Near the end of my semester I attending the club sports Leadership Series community service night. My mentor, [mentor], organized this event for all of the club sports captains and presidents to attend. A speaker then came to talk to the group about how their individual skill sets can be used to make a difference in the community. After the speaker, the group was lead in multiple service projects, requiring them all to work together, but also put their personal touch on these projects. It was cool to see how my mentor, just one person, was able to put this whole event together which helped teams help others."
---
> "Near the end of my semester I attending the club sports Leadership Series community service night. My mentor, Emily, organized this event for all of the club sports captains and presidents to attend. A speaker then came to talk to the group about how their individual skill sets can be used to make a difference in the community. After the speaker, the group was lead in multiple service projects, requiring them all to work together, but also put their personal touch on these projects. It was cool to see how my mentor, just one person, was able to put this whole event together which helped teams help others. "
899,900c900,901
< "Often times in our weekly meetings with our head supervisor. A lot of information would be presented and there were several different comments, suggestions, and feedback that was provided in order to help the colleague. I believe that our head supervisor did a good job reaching out to different people as he knew their strengths and weaknesses and was able to highlight on them, in order to help me."
< "On couple of occasions, I came up with some plans which were different from what my mentor was envisaging, and those ideas were slightly more far sighted. Also, my mentor appreciated those plans."
---
> "Often times in our weekly meetings with our head supervisor. A lot of information would be presented and there were several different comments, suggestions, and feedback that was provided in order to help the colleague. I believe that our head supervisor did a good job reaching out to different people as he knew their strengths and weaknesses and was able to highlight on them, in order to help me. "
> "On couple of occasions, I came up with some plans which were different from what my mentor was envisaging, and those ideas were slightly more far sighted. Also, my mentor appreciated those plans. "
904c905
< "On one occasion, I was sent with other interns to lead a large group of volunteers to clean a school. We were to meet them there and spearhead the project. I met with school administration to find out what needed to be done, ad called an intern meeting. With the new information, we discussed how to best divide up the volunteers, who was to lead each smaller group, and what they would be doing. We also decided what supplies to bring with us to the school. Because we had several groups of volunteers with us, we did not initially agree on how to divide them up. I suggested that we split up the groups in order to promote a collaborative atmosphere and build relationships. Our Operations Intern, [name], suggested that we keep a family of volunteers together so that the parents could keep an eye on their kids. To compromise, we decided to split up the other volunteer groups but keep the family together. This worked well, and we ended up finishing early because the groups worked well together."
---
> "On one occasion, I was sent with other interns to lead a large group of volunteers to clean a school. We were to meet them there and spearhead the project. I met with school administration to find out what needed to be done, ad called an intern meeting. With the new information, we discussed how to best divide up the volunteers, who was to lead each smaller group, and what they would be doing. We also decided what supplies to bring with us to the school. Because we had several groups of volunteers with us, we did not initially agree on how to divide them up. I suggested that we split up the groups in order to promote a collaborative atmosphere and build relationships. Our Operations Intern, Argo, suggested that we keep a family of volunteers together so that the parents could keep an eye on their kids. To compromise, we decided to split up the other volunteer groups but keep the family together. This worked well, and we ended up finishing early because the groups worked well together. "
906,907c907,908
< "On that day that the power went out, [name] had to get us all together and tell us what needed to be done once we found out which computers where actually down."
< "On the actual day of Legacy Day, I enlisted the help of my fellow interns to help me cover the event. I had to delegate the work among us and assign each of them specific tasks to do. Without their help, it would have been a very overwhelming day, so I made sure to tell them how much I appreciated having them there."
---
> "On that day that the power went out, Mark had to get us all together and tell us what needed to be done once we found out which computers where actually down. "
> "On the actual day of Legacy Day, I enlisted the help of my fellow interns to help me cover the event. I had to delegate the work among us and assign each of them specific tasks to do. Without their help, it would have been a very overwhelming day, so I made sure to tell them how much I appreciated having them there. "
909c910
< "On the Social Strategy Team we have interns from different departments. A lot of the projects that we do takes a little bit from each department- the writers create a script, the graphics interns make the logos and the introduction clips, and the video interns capture the visual material and make it into a piece to be shared out on social channels. Other times we work together to create Instagram stories as well. Our supervisor does a good job of distributing the work so that each person's talents can really shine."
---
> "On the Social Strategy Team we have interns from different departments. A lot of the projects that we do takes a little bit from each department- the writers create a script, the graphics interns make the logos and the introduction clips, and the video interns capture the visual material and make it into a piece to be shared out on social channels. Other times we work together to create Instagram stories as well. Our supervisor does a good job of distributing the work so that each person's talents can really shine. "
911,913c912,914
< "Once again, during the retreat, which was my biggest project so that is the reason that I am referencing it so much, the floor was opened for the individuals present to share their feelings about topics discussed. I spoke up many times to encourage others to do so as well."
< "Once again, I feel that my leadership quality came through with the Native Planting Workshop. As I mentioned previously, I worked extremely hard to communicate with others and then to bring their accomplishments and their skills to the table in the best way possible. I also worked to share the group's accomplishments the day of the planting to the rest of the office supporters, such as the Extension Administration, and the stakeholders of the golf course, by providing [name] materials to provide to his membership to explain the impact and design of the garden on his course."
< "Once again, I helped our nurse practitioners become more organized and efficient by successfully creating multiple templates for [name] (FNP-C) and [name] (FNP-C) ."
---
> "Once again, during the retreat, which was my biggest project so that is the reason that I am referencing it so much, the floor was opened for the individuals present to share their feelings about topics discussed. I spoke up many times to encourage others to do so as well. "
> "Once again, I feel that my leadership quality came through with the Native Planting Workshop. As I mentioned previously, I worked extremely hard to communicate with others and then to bring their accomplishments and their skills to the table in the best way possible. I also worked to share the group's accomplishments the day of the planting to the rest of the office supporters, such as the Extension Administration, and the stakeholders of the golf course, by providing Mr. Garrett materials to provide to his membership to explain the impact and design of the garden on his course. "
> "Once again, I helped our nurse practitioners become more organized and efficient by successfully creating multiple templates for William Mayo (FNP-C) and Michelle Deem (FNP-C) ."
917c918
< "Once when I observed my supervisor capitalize on the unique strengths of individuals was when she assigned different tasks to several different interns. I am not the only intern within my department and there are about four others who work under my mentor. At one meeting, my mentor called us all together and asked us our interests and strengths to gear us towards the right project for each of us. Instead of randomly assigning us to projects, she made sure that she understood our interests first. She developed a plan for how each of us would be involved in the department."
---
> "Once when I observed my supervisor capitalize on the unique strengths of individuals was when she assigned different tasks to several different interns. I am not the only intern within my department and there are about four others who work under my mentor. At one meeting, my mentor called us all together and asked us our interests and strengths to gear us towards the right project for each of us. Instead of randomly assigning us to projects, she made sure that she understood our interests first. She developed a plan for how each of us would be involved in the department. "
920c921
< "One day during the semester, some coworkers were feeling a bit lethargic when we needed to complete a room for setup. I empowered them to push through and we ended up setting up the room in a very quick manor."
---
> "One day during the semester, some coworkers were feeling a bit lethargic when we needed to complete a room for setup. I empowered them to push through and we ended up setting up the room in a very quick manor. "
922,923c923,924
< "One day, all of our supervisors were participating in an OGE training, so there were only interns in the office. I was responsible for maintaining order in the office and making sure that students/parents/outside parties were assisted if they came in. A student from the NC State abroad office called and was conducting a study abroad survey and was collecting quantitative as well as qualitative data from abroad offices across the U.S. I was able to answer his questions and assist in that survey based on my two semesters of experience with the Clemson Abroad office."
< "One of my biggest responsibilities at the beginning of the semester was to assign all students into project groups and assign project managers to each group. This required analyzing students' skills and knowledge, and how it could apply to each group in order to determine where they would fit best. Upon assigning project managers, I had to train them and get them up to speed with what their role would require."
---
> "One day, all of our supervisors were participating in an OGE training, so there were only interns in the office. I was responsible for maintaining order in the office and making sure that students/parents/outside parties were assisted if they came in. A student from the NC State abroad office called and was conducting a study abroad survey and was collecting quantitative as well as qualitative data from abroad offices across the U.S. I was able to answer his questions and assist in that survey based on my two semesters of experience with the Clemson Abroad office. "
> "One of my biggest responsibilities at the beginning of the semester was to assign all students into project groups and assign project managers to each group. This required analyzing students' skills and knowledge, and how it could apply to each group in order to determine where they would fit best. Upon assigning project managers, I had to train them and get them up to speed with what their role would require. "
926c927
< "One of my Co-Workers, [name], teachings about laboratory animals and gives tours of the facility to the students. I observed him doing this on multiple occasions."
---
> "One of my Co-Workers, Travis, teachings about laboratory animals and gives tours of the facility to the students. I observed him doing this on multiple occasions."
928c929
< "One of my first few weeks [name] allowed me to attend, and help direct, one of the quarterly board meetings. There were several important people in attendance and I got my first real insight on how to step in and aid through minor leadership at a board meeting."
---
> "One of my first few weeks Dr. Dye allowed me to attend, and help direct, one of the quarterly board meetings. There were several important people in attendance and I got my first real insight on how to step in and aid through minor leadership at a board meeting. "
935,938c936,939
< "One of my supervisors worked with me last week, and I observed him speaking and empowering a much younger employee about their competency with import HTS codes, and praising her for her understanding."
< "One of our event planners, [name], lead all of us to understand the idea she had for an event. She met with maintenance and catering so they were all on the same page with set up of the tables and food."
< "One of the accomplishment of the Spirit Task Force this semester was the termination of the balloon release at football games. Despite being an extremely wasteful practice, it is something that is important in making the start of our football games the ""most exciting 30 seconds in college football"". It was so important to hear from students that see the value in this practice being a ""tradition"" as well as students who believe that its environmental consequences outweigh showmanship. In the club meeting, we had a constructive dialogue about how to replace the balloons with something equally as exciting that preserves the tradition as well as the environment."
< "One of the best examples of leadership I observed this semester as the opening of the Clemson Football Applied Science Lab. Working under the director of facilities, I was able to observe his leadership to develop this building, while also working under him to contribute to the new recovery room. It was really cool to watch a bunch of people come together to achieve the same vision."
---
> "One of my supervisors worked with me last week, and I observed him speaking and empowering a much younger employee about their competency with import HTS codes, and praising her for her understanding. "
> "One of our event planners, Mandy, lead all of us to understand the idea she had for an event. She met with maintenance and catering so they were all on the same page with set up of the tables and food. "
> "One of the accomplishment of the Spirit Task Force this semester was the termination of the balloon release at football games. Despite being an extremely wasteful practice, it is something that is important in making the start of our football games the ""most exciting 30 seconds in college football"". It was so important to hear from students that see the value in this practice being a ""tradition"" as well as students who believe that its environmental consequences outweigh showmanship. In the club meeting, we had a constructive dialogue about how to replace the balloons with something equally as exciting that preserves the tradition as well as the environment. "
> "One of the best examples of leadership I observed this semester as the opening of the Clemson Football Applied Science Lab. Working under the director of facilities, I was able to observe his leadership to develop this building, while also working under him to contribute to the new recovery room. It was really cool to watch a bunch of people come together to achieve the same vision. "
941c942
< "One of the Faculty-directed Program Coordinators organized several class visits to spread the word about two new Faculty-Directed Abroad Programs. She organized the class visits, explained the positives of the program to a few of us interns, and lead us to visit classes explaining the programs and also advising students about these programs. She is very passionate about the programs and relayed that to us and had us become advocates for the programs as well."
---
> "One of the Faculty-directed Program Coordinators organized several class visits to spread the word about two new Faculty-Directed Abroad Programs. She organized the class visits, explained the positives of the program to a few of us interns, and lead us to visit classes explaining the programs and also advising students about these programs. She is very passionate about the programs and relayed that to us and had us become advocates for the programs as well. "
944,945c945,946
< One of the interns [name] was creating a clothing brand called Swiff and he also befriended all of the interns. He got some of them to work together to help him out in creating a mouthguard for his apparel brand. He got someone to design the 3-d model and another person to create the logo for it.
< "One of the main leaders that I work with is named [name]. When he works on projects for his team, he often asks those around him for ideas even if he already has an idea of a way something should be done. This is because he respects others opinions and values that their ideas may have a fresh and beneficial outlook on the problem at hand."
---
> One of the interns Ashanti was creating a clothing brand called Swiff and he also befriended all of the interns. He got some of them to work together to help him out in creating a mouthguard for his apparel brand. He got someone to design the 3-d model and another person to create the logo for it.
> "One of the main leaders that I work with is named Erich. When he works on projects for his team, he often asks those around him for ideas even if he already has an idea of a way something should be done. This is because he respects others opinions and values that their ideas may have a fresh and beneficial outlook on the problem at hand."
947c948
< "One of the managers I worked with was known for his positive demeanor and hard-work. He consistently praised team members and encouraged them when they performed well on the job. Additionally, he did an excellent job of delegating to his team and empowering people to succeed. I particularly noted some of the actions he would take, such as sending out encouraging emails or brining doughnuts on Fridays, and hope to utilize these team building tactics one day."
---
> "One of the managers I worked with was known for his positive demeanor and hard-work. He consistently praised team members and encouraged them when they performed well on the job. Additionally, he did an excellent job of delegating to his team and empowering people to succeed. I particularly noted some of the actions he would take, such as sending out encouraging emails or brining doughnuts on Fridays, and hope to utilize these team building tactics one day. "
952,953c953,954
< "One of the people I worked with in my internship was formerly a part of the Marines. When there was requests for remarks and introductions to be given by the president at a student veterans event, even though remarks do not typically fall under her job description, [name] took charge of this project because she had the expertise to execute it."
< "One of the projects during the semester for Spiro was a video advertising the Spiro Living Learning Community for next year. My supervisor had assigned this task to one of the other interns initially. After a brief discussion between the three of us, my supervisor realized and decided that I would be better equipped to complete this task as I already had experience filming videos. He also pulled another intern onto the project to be in the video because she enjoyed public speaking and lived in the dorms where the LLC would be housed. This resulted in a better overall video and a more enjoyable experience for the interns involved."
---
> "One of the people I worked with in my internship was formerly a part of the Marines. When there was requests for remarks and introductions to be given by the president at a student veterans event, even though remarks do not typically fall under her job description, Shawn took charge of this project because she had the expertise to execute it."
> "One of the projects during the semester for Spiro was a video advertising the Spiro Living Learning Community for next year. My supervisor had assigned this task to one of the other interns initially. After a brief discussion between the three of us, my supervisor realized and decided that I would be better equipped to complete this task as I already had experience filming videos. He also pulled another intern onto the project to be in the video because she enjoyed public speaking and lived in the dorms where the LLC would be housed. This resulted in a better overall video and a more enjoyable experience for the interns involved. "
955,959c956,960
< "One of the projects I was involved in dealt with developing standardised work instructions for the transmission line, and once I finished the pilot instruction for the first station, I set up a meeting with my manufacturing engineer and the production supervisor to review the instructions. I also asked the production supervisor if it's possible that an operator from the line could join the meeting because ultimately they are the end users of this instructions. And so the operator came in and we got a lot of input from him."
< "One of the projects I worked on was with a younger intern putting together binders of published work of physicians at GHS. We all came in thinking about doing the project differently, but I asked the other intern how she wanted to do it and then told her my opinion on what we should do. We each liked something about the other's idea, and met in the middle on what the best path was to complete the task."
< "One of the projects we worked on with [name] was applying to research positions. I believe that I helped facilitate an environment where my coworkers could talk to me and to each other about our applications, which often involved writing detailed essays of deeply personal experiences. At the beginning of the semester one of my co-workers was intimidated of me, but by the end, she now comes to me to help her with essay writing. My work with [name] is more solitary, I haven't had the chance to lead anyone except myself in this position."
< "One of the social media tactics I really wanted to implement this semester was making the Instagram account more personable and relatable to students. I initiated and led this project by conducting the student and faculty spotlight interviews and promoting those blog articles on the Instagram accounts, so that there would be more pictures of students on the account, rather than just flyers for events. I lead faculty members in this initiative and worked with students who wanted to see the Instagram account be revamped and I am very proud of the way the account is looking so far."
< "One of the times during the internship this semester that I had to act as a conduit to aid in aligning objectives was during the creation of the intake questionnaires for the grant. With this grant in the planning stage of development, for many weeks the group was consistently aiming each week to progress in discussion about what metrics should be obtained on the forms, in what manner should they be gathered along with when should certain questions be asked. With every member part of the discussions coming from varying backgrounds, often times discussions would get sidetracked for the entirety of the meeting. After two meetings becoming sidetracked in this manner, I realized in the interest of progressing forward, it was imperative that I gained control of the conversation to guide it in the manner needed to start making conclusions. Through controlling the meeting both through the agenda and the length of topical discussions, in one meeting, the group was able to come to decisive choices on the intake forms."
---
> "One of the projects I was involved in dealt with developing standardised work instructions for the transmission line, and once I finished the pilot instruction for the first station, I set up a meeting with my manufacturing engineer and the production supervisor to review the instructions. I also asked the production supervisor if itÕs possible that an operator from the line could join the meeting because ultimately they are the end users of this instructions. And so the operator came in and we got a lot of input from him."
> "One of the projects I worked on was with a younger intern putting together binders of published work of physicians at GHS. We all came in thinking about doing the project differently, but I asked the other intern how she wanted to do it and then told her my opinion on what we should do. We each liked something about the other's idea, and met in the middle on what the best path was to complete the task. "
> "One of the projects we worked on with Dr. Gallagher was applying to research positions. I believe that I helped facilitate an environment where my coworkers could talk to me and to each other about our applications, which often involved writing detailed essays of deeply personal experiences. At the beginning of the semester one of my co-workers was intimidated of me, but by the end, she now comes to me to help her with essay writing. My work with Dr. Mobley is more solitary, I haven't had the chance to lead anyone except myself in this position."
> "One of the social media tactics I really wanted to implement this semester was making the Instagram account more personable and relatable to students. I initiated and led this project by conducting the student and faculty spotlight interviews and promoting those blog articles on the Instagram accounts, so that there would be more pictures of students on the account, rather than just flyers for events. I lead faculty members in this initiative and worked with students who wanted to see the Instagram account be revamped and I am very proud of the way the account is looking so far. "
> "One of the times during the internship this semester that I had to act as a conduit to aid in aligning objectives was during the creation of the intake questionnaires for the grant. With this grant in the planning stage of development, for many weeks the group was consistently aiming each week to progress in discussion about what metrics should be obtained on the forms, in what manner should they be gathered along with when should certain questions be asked. With every member part of the discussions coming from varying backgrounds, often times discussions would get sidetracked for the entirety of the meeting. After two meetings becoming sidetracked in this manner, I realized in the interest of progressing forward, it was imperative that I gained control of the conversation to guide it in the manner needed to start making conclusions. Through controlling the meeting both through the agenda and the length of topical discussions, in one meeting, the group was able to come to decisive choices on the intake forms. "
961c962
< "One part of my internship was completing a resources list for our health coaches to use to assist our participants with resource navigation within the community. Part of the development of this list was to meet with various members of our team to discuss ideas as to what should be included and what the overall end goal was. As leader of this project, I was tasked with the facilitation of the discussions surrounding this project. At times it was difficult to come to any conclusions surrounding this topic because of all of the various ideas that were being discussed. However, through careful navigation of the conversation, I was able to help the group reach a consensus about what we wanted this project to look like."
---
> "One part of my internship was completing a resources list for our health coaches to use to assist our participants with resource navigation within the community. Part of the development of this list was to meet with various members of our team to discuss ideas as to what should be included and what the overall end goal was. As leader of this project, I was tasked with the facilitation of the discussions surrounding this project. At times it was difficult to come to any conclusions surrounding this topic because of all of the various ideas that were being discussed. However, through careful navigation of the conversation, I was able to help the group reach a consensus about what we wanted this project to look like. "
963c964
< "one person who was also having the internship knew Spanish. After the manager knew her strength, she was assigned to help with the customer service team to answer phone calls and help the company do some Spanish translation."
---
> "one person who was also having the internship knew Spanish. After the manager knew her strength, she was assigned to help with the customer service team to answer phone calls and help the company do some Spanish translation. "
965,966c966,967
< "One time in the immersive space I collaborated with [name] and the student athlete interns he works with, and they used a public speaking application to help foster better speaking habits and to work on their delivery. While demonstrating the technology, [name] was very helpful and guided his students through the process very smoothly, while fostering confidence in each of them. He allowed each student to go through the application twice, and between each time helped to show them how to improve, while critiquing them in an uplifting an encouraging way, which allowed all of them to perform better the second time through. This leadership, of guided helping, and inspiring confidence while teaching, was a great display that I was able to take from, and will hopefully employ some of those same tactics in the future."
< "One time in the warehouse, the warehouse manager brought everyone together and spoke to them about a huge Lowe's order that had to be sent out that day. It was a very motivated teaching speech."
---
> "One time in the immersive space I collaborated with Jarrod Barnes and the student athlete interns he works with, and they used a public speaking application to help foster better speaking habits and to work on their delivery. While demonstrating the technology, Jarrod was very helpful and guided his students through the process very smoothly, while fostering confidence in each of them. He allowed each student to go through the application twice, and between each time helped to show them how to improve, while critiquing them in an uplifting an encouraging way, which allowed all of them to perform better the second time through. This leadership, of guided helping, and inspiring confidence while teaching, was a great display that I was able to take from, and will hopefully employ some of those same tactics in the future. "
> "One time in the warehouse, the warehouse manager brought everyone together and spoke to them about a huge LoweÕs order that had to be sent out that day. It was a very motivated teaching speech. "
968,969c969,970
< "One time that I encouraged people to discuss their different points of view was when I worked on the several small projects throughout the year. During this time I worked with several other people in the department to decide about pictures that would be posted or media projects that we would be collaborating on. Throughout these projects, I encouraged the other members to discuss any problems that they had with my decisions and told them that I was willing to change any decisions if the group felt it was best. The teams were often very appreciative of my willingness to work with them and contributed more than they would have if I had not respected their thoughts."
< "One time when I worked with a research project w/ people from other domain. Because of that, each person has their own point of view based on their domain. As a result, we used to have some meaningless discussion as everybody wants to sell their points. I realized one way to resolve this issue is to decouple the project into different level, from high level to low level, from one domain module to another. We first need to get agreement on high level direction questions, it might be general but answers the question where we go. Then for the detailed implementation, as we cut into different modules -- each module will encourage people in this domain to take a lead of the discussion, other people will review it. Through this way, we make meaningful progress and make sure we all on the right track."
---
> "One time that I encouraged people to discuss their different points of view was when I worked on the several small projects throughout the year. During this time I worked with several other people in the department to decide about pictures that would be posted or media projects that we would be collaborating on. Throughout these projects, I encouraged the other members to discuss any problems that they had with my decisions and told them that I was willing to change any decisions if the group felt it was best. The teams were often very appreciative of my willingness to work with them and contributed more than they would have if I had not respected their thoughts. "
> "One time when I worked with a research project w/ people from other domain. Because of that, each person has their own point of view based on their domain. As a result, we used to have some meaningless discussion as everybody wants to sell their points. I realized one way to resolve this issue is to decouple the project into different level, from high level to low level, from one domain module to another. We first need to get agreement on high level direction questions, it might be general but answers the question where we go. Then for the detailed implementation, as we cut into different modules -- each module will encourage people in this domain to take a lead of the discussion, other people will review it. Through this way, we make meaningful progress and make sure we all on the right track. "
973c974
< "Our boss does a good job of trying to rally everyone to keep people encouraged in increasing bookings, social media presence, and service."
---
> "Our boss does a good job of trying to rally everyone to keep people encouraged in increasing bookings, social media presence, and service. "
976,978c977,979
< "Our lab is very collaborative, with members from a diverse set of fields. Because of that, we are often given tasks best suited to our skills. For me, this was normally programming, circuits, and micro-controllers. Utilizing our best skills, we were able to build the best prototype we could as quickly as we could."
< "Our largest event for the year is the Donor Appreciation Event. I helped in coordinating and setting up the event. But, I also had to act as a leader by giving people jobs to accomplish so that the event could run smoothly."
< "Our managers for each engagement were great examples of leadership. Whenever we were at a site they were constantly checking up to see where each employee was at with their tasks, and often offered to help or give guidance in order to stay on track with the deadline. I learned that a good leader not only need to supervise and or direct to achieve the goal, but also be ready and willing to step in and help if their assistance is needed. Being hands on in a supportive way is a great quality of leadership."
---
> "Our lab is very collaborative, with members from a diverse set of fields. Because of that, we are often given tasks best suited to our skills. For me, this was normally programming, circuits, and micro-controllers. Utilizing our best skills, we were able to build the best prototype we could as quickly as we could. "
> "Our largest event for the year is the Donor Appreciation Event. I helped in coordinating and setting up the event. But, I also had to act as a leader by giving people jobs to accomplish so that the event could run smoothly. "
> "Our managers for each engagement were great examples of leadership. Whenever we were at a site they were constantly checking up to see where each employee was at with their tasks, and often offered to help or give guidance in order to stay on track with the deadline. I learned that a good leader not only need to supervise and or direct to achieve the goal, but also be ready and willing to step in and help if their assistance is needed. Being hands on in a supportive way is a great quality of leadership. "
982c983
< "Our mentor had given us a series of tasks to complete, and after initial communication, we went off to complete these tasks. As a team we were able to solve many of the questions we had, and when we were finished, we were able to hear from our mentor what else was needed."
---
> "Our mentor had given us a series of tasks to complete, and after initial communication, we went off to complete these tasks. As a team we were able to solve many of the questions we had, and when we were finished, we were able to hear from our mentor what else was needed. "
984c985
< "Our mentor, [mentor], assigns projects based on the needs of the building and our own capabilities, giving seniors more complicated projects like using an AI to track the number of people in a room, to giving me the task of using monitoring software to create a power schedule for the building."
---
> "Our mentor, Mark, assigns projects based on the needs of the building and our own capabilities, giving seniors more complicated projects like using an AI to track the number of people in a room, to giving me the task of using monitoring software to create a power schedule for the building."
986,992c987,993
< "Our storage unit (cage) was full with different products. It was my responsibility to take care of the cage and report to the supervisor (Director of Engineer) if its not in good shape. After a few months I observed that the cage was full, and I didn't have space to put anymore products. I brought this to my Supervisor's attention. He alerted all the project engineers to mark every product that's no longer need as 'trash' in the cage. He setup an hour long meeting with everyone (7 Project engineers and myself). We were able to clean the cage and organize everything under his supervision."
< Our supervisor [name] is always super encouraging to everyone around us. He does an incredible job recognizing people's strengths and encouraging them to pursue what he knows they are good at. He also encourages everyone to learn new skills as well even it doesn't always turn out as planned. Each person on the team brings something different to the table and he knows how to have us work in the best way possible and also learn at the same time.
< Our supervisor used monthly safety meetings to create awareness regarding our organization's backing policy. People didn't take backing were seriously. Our supervisor would demonstrate the importance of no backing by giving examples of industrial backing accidents. This helped everyone understand the gravity of the policy and work together to minimize the backing in everyday work.
< "Our team is very well-organized. Each person has their own focus, but we all use the same standard and guidelines to make design. For example, we have a design style guide website called ""Kit"" where listed all visual components our team members may refer to when we work on our individual projects. This makes sure our design is consistent across different projects. Also we have lunch and learn session every month, so that we could learn some skills together."
< "Out at HERDS, one of the interns was the director while the rest of us were assistant directors. During one of our Sunday meetings, the director sat down with us and had a new task that needed to be completed. This task involved coming up with a list of certifications that students in our creative inquiry could get trained in. Our director assigned us the different certifications topics in a strategic manner based on our major. For example, one of the interns was a mechanical engineering major so they got the topic pertaining to machinery. I got a construction topic because my major pertains to this. Our director was using our strengths to get the job done."
< "Out of all the 4 interns in my department, my supervisor delegated different tasks to each of us based on our experience and interests so that the work could be completed effectively and consistently throughout the semester."
< "Over spring break, I was able to sit and interview two Haitian fish farmers regarding what I and the rest of the organization may be able to do to help expand production in the Central Plateau of Haiti. This helped remind just how important CEDC's mission is to improve the quality of life of people in the Central Platuea."
---
> "Our storage unit (cage) was full with different products. It was my responsibility to take care of the cage and report to the supervisor (Director of Engineer) if its not in good shape. After a few months I observed that the cage was full, and I didn't have space to put anymore products. I brought this to my Supervisor's attention. He alerted all the project engineers to mark every product that's no longer need as 'trash' in the cage. He setup an hour long meeting with everyone (7 Project engineers and myself). We were able to clean the cage and organize everything under his supervision. "
> Our supervisor Robbie is always super encouraging to everyone around us. He does an incredible job recognizing people's strengths and encouraging them to pursue what he knows they are good at. He also encourages everyone to learn new skills as well even it doesn't always turn out as planned. Each person on the team brings something different to the table and he knows how to have us work in the best way possible and also learn at the same time.
> Our supervisor used monthly safety meetings to create awareness regarding our organizationÕs backing policy. People didnÕt take backing were seriously. Our supervisor would demonstrate the importance of no backing by giving examples of industrial backing accidents. This helped everyone understand the gravity of the policy and work together to minimize the backing in everyday work.
> "Our team is very well-organized. Each person has their own focus, but we all use the same standard and guidelines to make design. For example, we have a design style guide website called ÒKitÓ where listed all visual components our team members may refer to when we work on our individual projects. This makes sure our design is consistent across different projects. Also we have lunch and learn session every month, so that we could learn some skills together."
> "Out at HERDS, one of the interns was the director while the rest of us were assistant directors. During one of our Sunday meetings, the director sat down with us and had a new task that needed to be completed. This task involved coming up with a list of certifications that students in our creative inquiry could get trained in. Our director assigned us the different certifications topics in a strategic manner based on our major. For example, one of the interns was a mechanical engineering major so they got the topic pertaining to machinery. I got a construction topic because my major pertains to this. Our director was using our strengths to get the job done. "
> "Out of all the 4 interns in my department, my supervisor delegated different tasks to each of us based on our experience and interests so that the work could be completed effectively and consistently throughout the semester. "
> "Over spring break, I was able to sit and interview two Haitian fish farmers regarding what I and the rest of the organization may be able to do to help expand production in the Central Plateau of Haiti. This helped remind just how important CEDC's mission is to improve the quality of life of people in the Central Platuea. "
997c998
< "PEER/Wise is dedicated to retaining and providing resources for minorities and women who are in the STEM field at Clemson Unviersity. My supervisors oversees a group of PEER mentors in which they do everything in their power to help them achieve their goals and to also retain them at Clemson, all while promoting events and group opportunities to surround themselves around others trying to achieve their ultimate goal in becoming engineers."
---
> "PEER/Wise is dedicated to retaining and providing resources for minorities and women who are in the STEM field at Clemson Unviersity. My supervisors oversees a group of PEER mentors in which they do everything in their power to help them achieve their goals and to also retain them at Clemson, all while promoting events and group opportunities to surround themselves around others trying to achieve their ultimate goal in becoming engineers. "
999,1000c1000,1001
< Personal leadership -Capitalizing on my skills like being independent and time management
< "[Name] and [name] were other interns, but they took the lead on the intern project and lead everyone. They facilitated outside meetings and tasks. They split up the work to different departments and encouraged us to work together. They made sure to keep everyone on track and engaged."
---
> -Personal leadership -Capitalizing on my skills like being independent and time management
> "Peyton and Alyssa were other interns, but they took the lead on the intern project and lead everyone. They facilitated outside meetings and tasks. They split up the work to different departments and encouraged us to work together. They made sure to keep everyone on track and engaged."
1007,1010c1008,1011
< "Throughout my internship, there were multiple opportunities for group discussion during meetings with the GIS team or just working in collaboration with my fellow interns. I think one important characteristic for someone who believes that have qualities of being a leader, is encouraging others around you to criticize you or your work. Frequently my mentor would criticize my work or ideas in a constructive way of course, but just as frequently, I would encourage my fellow intern to take a look at my program or map and constructively criticize them in the most honest way possible. The discussions we had over our work very frequently led us to positive results, which was especially crucial when we were working towards the same goal on a joint project."
< "Recently, project management has rolled out a new strategy that includes having teams document their projects in a more rigorous way. Teams that have been around for a longer time were not incredibly receptive, so it took constant encouragement to convince them that these methods would lead them to their immediate goals more quickly, and that ultimately the goal of their project, to create a low cost water testing unit that remotely communicates data, has global implications."
< [Name] conducted a teach meeting every week where we discussed the weeks goals and plan to covering events.
< "Scrum is a project management methodology used in Software Engineering. We have a bi-weekly Scrum meeting wherein each team-member shares openly what projects that have worked on in the preceding two weeks, where they are at with their projects, and what issues are ""blocking"" their progress. These meetings are conducted by my UPIC Mentor, [mentor]."
---
> "r. Throughout my internship, there were multiple opportunities for group discussion during meetings with the GIS team or just working in collaboration with my fellow interns. I think one important characteristic for someone who believes that have qualities of being a leader, is encouraging others around you to criticize you or your work. Frequently my mentor would criticize my work or ideas in a constructive way of course, but just as frequently, I would encourage my fellow intern to take a look at my program or map and constructively criticize them in the most honest way possible. The discussions we had over our work very frequently led us to positive results, which was especially crucial when we were working towards the same goal on a joint project. "
> "Recently, project management has rolled out a new strategy that includes having teams document their projects in a more rigorous way. Teams that have been around for a longer time were not incredibly receptive, so it took constant encouragement to convince them that these methods would lead them to their immediate goals more quickly, and that ultimately the goal of their project, to create a low cost water testing unit that remotely communicates data, has global implications. "
> Robbie conducted a teach meeting every week where we discussed the weeks goals and plan to covering events.
> "Scrum is a project management methodology used in Software Engineering. We have a bi-weekly Scrum meeting wherein each team-member shares openly what projects that have worked on in the preceding two weeks, where they are at with their projects, and what issues are ÒblockingÓ their progress. These meetings are conducted by my UPIC Mentor, Sam Hoover."
1017,1019c1018,1020
< "Similarly to collaboration, I took leadership in helping prepare some of the activities for WOW Jr. The other volunteers and I came together to complete the shared goal of a finished activity."
< "Since all of my mentees were Computer Science students, I held a meeting where they all were to sit and discuss with each other, what they expected from each other, and how they can help each other succeed this semester. I also asked them how I could be an aid in this. Because of this encouragement, my mentees were really close, and communicated with each other to help each other with their classes."
< "Since I am graduating, I knew it was crucial to prepare my team to take over this project for next year. I started by making sure each of them had the same level of responsibility as I did and that we all had equal communication with our client. I constantly reassured the members that their youth didn't mean they weren't valuable members of the team and that their input was welcome."
---
> "Similarly to collaboration, I took leadership in helping prepare some of the activities for WOW Jr. The other volunteers and I came together to complete the shared goal of a finished activity. "
> "Since all of my mentees were Computer Science students, I held a meeting where they all were to sit and discuss with each other, what they expected from each other, and how they can help each other succeed this semester. I also asked them how I could be an aid in this. Because of this encouragement, my mentees were really close, and communicated with each other to help each other with their classes. "
> "Since I am graduating, I knew it was crucial to prepare my team to take over this project for next year. I started by making sure each of them had the same level of responsibility as I did and that we all had equal communication with our client. I constantly reassured the members that their youth didn't mean they weren't valuable members of the team and that their input was welcome. "
1022c1023
< "Since I have worked on this farm a long time and have had the experience already I feel I have expert leadership skills. This skills defiantly came in handy when I had to train the new summer workers on how things are done on the farm, how to complete a certain task and how to work the equipment on the farm."
---
> "Since I have worked on this farm a long time and have had the experience already I feel I have expert leadership skills. This skills defiantly came in handy when I had to train the new summer workers on how things are done on the farm, how to complete a certain task and how to work the equipment on the farm. "
1025c1026
< "Since I was just an intern, I don't really have a big stage to show my leadership. I tried my best to connect with each other and show my leadership. For example, when my colleagues sometimes cannot finish his works since he had too many to deal with. I helped him to finish that part of the works."
---
> "Since I was just an intern, I don't really have a big stage to show my leadership. I tried my best to connect with each other and show my leadership. For example, when my colleagues sometimes cannot finish his works since he had too many to deal with. I helped him to finish that part of the works. "
1027c1028
< "Since I worked independently with only my site mentor I had very few opportunities to empower others in the workspace. However, I had to take the led on all of my projects which I believe makes up for the lack of human interaction."
---
> "Since I worked independently with only my site mentor I had very few opportunities to empower others in the workspace. However, I had to take the led on all of my projects which I believe makes up for the lack of human interaction. "
1029c1030
< "Since my team is very small with my mentor, manager and myself I haven't had a real opportunity to work with a group etc."
---
> "Since my team is very small with my mentor, manager and myself I haven't had a real opportunity to work with a group etc. "
1032c1033
< "Since we have different sections of our department, I took the place as the spokesperson during our weekly meetings. I took all of the information that I was given from the other student employees and managers, and I was able to make sure that their concerns and questions were presented in the meeting."
---
> "Since we have different sections of our department, I took the place as the spokesperson during our weekly meetings. I took all of the information that I was given from the other student employees and managers, and I was able to make sure that their concerns and questions were presented in the meeting. "
1038c1039
< "Steven always made sure to assign us tasks he thought we had the necessary skills to complete. Also, when choosing teams for the group projects, he took into account everyones strengths and weaknesses and how we could help each other."
---
> "Steven always made sure to assign us tasks he thought we had the necessary skills to complete. Also, when choosing teams for the group projects, he took into account everyones strengths and weaknesses and how we could help each other. "
1044c1045
< "Taking in OLLI members opinion on new classes, the employees were always very willing to listen"
---
> "Taking in OLLI members opinion on new classes, the employees were always very willing to listen "
1048c1049
< "Tbh, I would not say that I'm a leader in this role. I am simply an average employee."
---
> "Tbh, I would not say that I'm a leader in this role. I am simply an average employee. "
1051c1052
< "The ""It's Not Too Late Campaign"" is a great example of my effective leadership efforts. The shared vision was to promote studying abroad this summer by passing out snack with slogans to the student body. I was able to get the whole office behind me on this mission and get them involved to the point where they felt invested in the process as well. At our meeting, everyone was really excited about the project and wanted to voice their opinions and ideas as well. I was able to effectively get them to participate and empowered them through my updates on our successes along the way. Every time I would finish passing out the snacks, I would come back to the office with a new story about how much they meant to the students and the group really enjoyed hearing how their part of the projects transcended into this positive end result."
---
> "The ÒItÕs Not Too Late CampaignÓ is a great example of my effective leadership efforts. The shared vision was to promote studying abroad this summer by passing out snack with slogans to the student body. I was able to get the whole office behind me on this mission and get them involved to the point where they felt invested in the process as well. At our meeting, everyone was really excited about the project and wanted to voice their opinions and ideas as well. I was able to effectively get them to participate and empowered them through my updates on our successes along the way. Every time I would finish passing out the snacks, I would come back to the office with a new story about how much they meant to the students and the group really enjoyed hearing how their part of the projects transcended into this positive end result."
1056c1057
< The Call My Name project was a very difficult project to get rolling at the beginning of the semester because they scope of what [mentor] was hoping to accomplish was so wide. We had to work to narrow that scope and find specific direction and targetable goals to achieve by the end of the semester and build a roadmap for successive semesters. One such instance was setting up a meeting with [name] over in Athletics to gain his insight on video and digital media so we could communicate [mentor]s' message through those mediums. There were a lot of moving parts for me to align in setting up the meeting and we left the structure of the meeting open to encourage brainstorming and idea generation and thinking within a very specific mindset.
---
> The Call My Name project was a very difficult project to get rolling at the beginning of the semester because they scope of what Dr. Thomas was hoping to accomplish was so wide. We had to work to narrow that scope and find specific direction and targetable goals to achieve by the end of the semester and build a roadmap for successive semesters. One such instance was setting up a meeting with Jeffrey Kallin over in Athletics to gain his insight on video and digital media so we could communicate Dr. Thomas' message through those mediums. There were a lot of moving parts for me to align in setting up the meeting and we left the structure of the meeting open to encourage brainstorming and idea generation and thinking within a very specific mindset.
1060c1061
< "The department put on the Recyclemania competition at Clemson this year and also organized the Zero Waste Game in coordination with Recyclemania and I played a large role in organizing the events that went along with it. We had to meet with athletic leaders to figure out exactly what we would be allowed to do and when. It was very complicated to try to align two different organizations (Clemson Basketball and Recycling) who had two very different goals, but we managed to work together and produce a successful result."
---
> "The department put on the Recyclemania competition at Clemson this year and also organized the Zero Waste Game in coordination with Recyclemania and I played a large role in organizing the events that went along with it. We had to meet with athletic leaders to figure out exactly what we would be allowed to do and when. It was very complicated to try to align two different organizations (Clemson Basketball and Recycling) who had two very different goals, but we managed to work together and produce a successful result. "
1062,1063c1063,1064
< "The director of the department that I work made it a point, both at the beginning of and throughout the semester, to meet with every mentor and ask them what they would like for the organization to look like. She didn't just do this for pretense, she actively listened and put in the work to help start on that path and eventually reach that goal. She was allowing us to have a hand in how the organization was shaped."
< "The employee recognition and reward program within Development is very developed and has been one of my favorite projects to work on throughout the duration of my time at the Development office. My mentor serves as the Director of Talent Management and Operations which includes our reward/incentive program that involves monthly recognition based on goal accomplishments and allows for a very supportive environment. She is also great at recognizing the strengths of others and respecting their interests, and she does a great job in assigning tasks that match both skill set and interest without limiting opportunities among four part-time interns at a time."
---
> "The director of the department that I work made it a point, both at the beginning of and throughout the semester, to meet with every mentor and ask them what they would like for the organization to look like. She didn't just do this for pretense, she actively listened and put in the work to help start on that path and eventually reach that goal. She was allowing us to have a hand in how the organization was shaped. "
> "The employee recognition and reward program within Development is very developed and has been one of my favorite projects to work on throughout the duration of my time at the Development office. My mentor serves as the Director of Talent Management and Operations which includes our reward/incentive program that involves monthly recognition based on goal accomplishments and allows for a very supportive environment. She is also great at recognizing the strengths of others and respecting their interests, and she does a great job in assigning tasks that match both skill set and interest without limiting opportunities among four part-time interns at a time. "
1065,1066c1066,1067
< "The entire structure of the study abroad office relies on specific supervisors assigning and entrusting tasks for their individual interns to complete. One unique example of this was between [mentor] and [name] this semester. Although [name] was hired to be a general intern with very specific tasks initially, [mentor] soon discovered that [name] was very gifted in graphic design and marketing. She decided to utilize this skill set and put him in charge of our ""its not too late"" ad campaign. In a matter of days we were able to get this message, in addition to a well-made video from [name], out to thousands of students. Our numbers consequently spiked. This was a great example of a supervisor recognizing and utilizing the specific strengths of an individual."
< "The ERM department is very small, consisting of only myself, my boss, and my other fellow intern [name]. Thus, our boss entrusted [name] and I with a lot of responsibility and gave us the freedom to take our tasks in any direction in which we felt best. By not requiring a specific way of doing something, this required me to take initiative in my tasks and take the leadership to contact the appropriate people to explore all options to better our process."
---
> "The entire structure of the study abroad office relies on specific supervisors assigning and entrusting tasks for their individual interns to complete. One unique example of this was between Dr. Wilson and Peyton this semester. Although Peyton was hired to be a general intern with very specific tasks initially, Dr. Wilson soon discovered that Peyton was very gifted in graphic design and marketing. She decided to utilize this skill set and put him in charge of our Òits not too lateÓ ad campaign. In a matter of days we were able to get this message, in addition to a well-made video from Peyton, out to thousands of students. Our numbers consequently spiked. This was a great example of a supervisor recognizing and utilizing the specific strengths of an individual. "
> "The ERM department is very small, consisting of only myself, my boss, and my other fellow intern Antonio. Thus, our boss entrusted Antonio and I with a lot of responsibility and gave us the freedom to take our tasks in any direction in which we felt best. By not requiring a specific way of doing something, this required me to take initiative in my tasks and take the leadership to contact the appropriate people to explore all options to better our process. "
1068c1069
< "The hackathon was not a project that my mentor assigned to me, but rather, a project that I came up with, developed into an idea, came together with a team of fellow students to define and bring about. In recognizing Clemson's organizational goals of enhancing student learning through REAL engagement and learning, I was able to align those goals with my team's goals of recruiting new talent and supporting the hacker culture at Clemson. By recognizing this opportunity and clearly communicating its value, I was able to convince my mentor that this was a valuable use of my time as a UPIC. The hackathon itself required the aligning of multiple groups' interestsCUhackit, the Watt Center, the Clemson Makerspace, the Immersive Space, Student Affairs, Student Government and multiple corporate and Clemson sponsor such as Siemens and Clemson Mobile. Beyond raising $35k for the event, we were able to secure the entire Watt Center for the weekend for free and received hundreds of dollars worth of in-kind donations in the form of materials for the event. None of this would have been possible if multiple groups had not been aligned in their objectives and goals."
---
> "The hackathon was not a project that my mentor assigned to me, but rather, a project that I came up with, developed into an idea, came together with a team of fellow students to define and bring about. In recognizing ClemsonÕs organizational goals of enhancing student learning through REAL engagement and learning, I was able to align those goals with my teamÕs goals of recruiting new talent and supporting the hacker culture at Clemson. By recognizing this opportunity and clearly communicating its value, I was able to convince my mentor that this was a valuable use of my time as a UPIC. The hackathon itself required the aligning of multiple groupsÕ interestsÑCUhackit, the Watt Center, the Clemson Makerspace, the Immersive Space, Student Affairs, Student Government and multiple corporate and Clemson sponsor such as Siemens and Clemson Mobile. Beyond raising $35k for the event, we were able to secure the entire Watt Center for the weekend for free and received hundreds of dollars worth of in-kind donations in the form of materials for the event. None of this would have been possible if multiple groups had not been aligned in their objectives and goals. "
1071c1072
< "The internship at the dairy is not really a group activity, its generally only two individuals running the parlor: one intern, one farm employee. That being said, the two full time guys who run the parlor have to work with all of the interns, needing to vary their timing and approach accordingly for each."
---
> "The internship at the dairy is not really a group activity, its generally only two individuals running the parlor: one intern, one farm employee. That being said, the two full time guys who run the parlor have to work with all of the interns, needing to vary their timing and approach accordingly for each. "
1073c1074
< "The machine shop manager is the highest form of leadership in the machine shop. I am constantly interfacing with [name] to work out new ways to improve the machine shop. I then relay these policies and ideas to the rest of the team and collaborate to execute these items to improve the operation of the shop. Our goal is to operate like a top 20 machine shop in the USA, and we are constantly striving for that goal."
---
> "The machine shop manager is the highest form of leadership in the machine shop. I am constantly interfacing with Dr. Schweisinger to work out new ways to improve the machine shop. I then relay these policies and ideas to the rest of the team and collaborate to execute these items to improve the operation of the shop. Our goal is to operate like a top 20 machine shop in the USA, and we are constantly striving for that goal."
1076c1077
< "The non-profit I interned for is a coalition that is made up of a bunch of different health organizations in the county. The coalition meets once or twice a month to talk about what their different projects are and how the other organizations in the coalition can support, help, or work together to make the projects better. [Mentor], my manager, is the executive director of Healthy Rowan so I sat in a lot of meetings where she could take two different organizations and their resources and help them work together to achieve a goal or provide a service for a population in need."
---
> "The non-profit I interned for is a coalition that is made up of a bunch of different health organizations in the county. The coalition meets once or twice a month to talk about what their different projects are and how the other organizations in the coalition can support, help, or work together to make the projects better. Alyssa, my manager, is the executive director of Healthy Rowan so I sat in a lot of meetings where she could take two different organizations and their resources and help them work together to achieve a goal or provide a service for a population in need. "
1089,1090c1090,1091
< "The student employees at Campus Recreation is a diverse group. [Name] and [name] has always recognized students who have worked hard and those who were willing to help by providing REC Points. REC Points are worth/ equal to $5. Once a month, students can use their points to buy Clemson merchandise."
< "The university intern project involved working with public relations, writing, photography, and creative interns. AS lead video intern I had to attend all the meetings and communicate what our team could contribute to the project."
---
> "The student employees at Campus Recreation is a diverse group. Haley Cox and Ben Blodgett has always recognized students who have worked hard and those who were willing to help by providing REC Points. REC Points are worth/ equal to $5. Once a month, students can use their points to buy Clemson merchandise."
> "The university intern project involved working with public relations, writing, photography, and creative interns. AS lead video intern I had to attend all the meetings and communicate what our team could contribute to the project. "
1092,1093c1093,1094
< "The woman above my boss held a conference called the Autism Awareness Workshop where she brought in professionals from many different areas that dealt with Autism like occupational therapists, speech pathologists, psychiatrists, and pediatricians to speak about their work with Autism. She was able to recognize the strengths of people from different work backgrounds and bring them together through a common interest."
< "The work I did in promoting study abroad opportunities for STEM majors and the RiSE community helped make it possible for these students to go abroad. Through information and drop-in sessions I helped RiSE students find programs that could work for their majors and advised them on how to go about the study abroad process. Some of them then planned to study abroad in the summer or in future semesters at Clemson. I worked closely with [mentor], my mentor, to make these sessions happen and discussed my accomplishments with these students with her weekly."
---
> "The woman above my boss held a conference called the Autism Awareness Workshop where she brought in professionals from many different areas that dealt with Autism like occupational therapists, speech pathologists, psychiatrists, and pediatricians to speak about their work with Autism. She was able to recognize the strengths of people from different work backgrounds and bring them together through a common interest. "
> "The work I did in promoting study abroad opportunities for STEM majors and the RiSE community helped make it possible for these students to go abroad. Through information and drop-in sessions I helped RiSE students find programs that could work for their majors and advised them on how to go about the study abroad process. Some of them then planned to study abroad in the summer or in future semesters at Clemson. I worked closely with Yuki, my mentor, to make these sessions happen and discussed my accomplishments with these students with her weekly."
1096c1097
< "There have been many times that I have had to take charge in the shop. For example, during strike (when we clean up a show) it was my responsibility to remain in the shop while my mentor worked on stage. I had to oversee multiple works and direct them in taking apart pieces, cleaning up debris, putting away pieces, and organizing tools and parts. I had to actively discuss with the workers what they"
---
> "There have been many times that I have had to take charge in the shop. For example, during strike (when we clean up a show) it was my responsibility to remain in the shop while my mentor worked on stage. I had to oversee multiple works and direct them in taking apart pieces, cleaning up debris, putting away pieces, and organizing tools and parts. I had to actively discuss with the workers what they "
1101c1102
< "There was a time during my internship that we faced a time of hardship when we were vandalized and had significant property damage. During this time, tensions ran high and there was a rush to solve the issues we faced and catch the culprit. Everyone had different opinions of how it happened and how to contact the authorities to fix it, but the bottom line showed that the damage had been done and needed to be repaired. This situation showed me that during employment, there were going to be external hardships that influenced the way that day to day operations were run. In order to facilitate helpful discussion and to solve the issues, I listened to everyone's opinions and allowed them to speak their mind, while I turned to day to day operations and repair so they would not worry about the menial issues. While my supervisors were involved in conversation and the following investigation, they did not have to worry about the day to day tasks and were able to solve the crime with my help."
---
> "There was a time during my internship that we faced a time of hardship when we were vandalized and had significant property damage. During this time, tensions ran high and there was a rush to solve the issues we faced and catch the culprit. Everyone had different opinions of how it happened and how to contact the authorities to fix it, but the bottom line showed that the damage had been done and needed to be repaired. This situation showed me that during employment, there were going to be external hardships that influenced the way that day to day operations were run. In order to facilitate helpful discussion and to solve the issues, I listened to everyoneÕs opinions and allowed them to speak their mind, while I turned to day to day operations and repair so they would not worry about the menial issues. While my supervisors were involved in conversation and the following investigation, they did not have to worry about the day to day tasks and were able to solve the crime with my help."
1105c1106
< "There was one day when all of us interns and our mentors went up to 4th floor WATT and we had to trace every electrical wire to it's correct box. This lead us to form a team in which we all had a job that we lead. Someone plugged in and tested the boxes, someone flipped the switches to see which ones worked, and someone wrote down the information."
---
> "There was one day when all of us interns and our mentors went up to 4th floor WATT and we had to trace every electrical wire to it's correct box. This lead us to form a team in which we all had a job that we lead. Someone plugged in and tested the boxes, someone flipped the switches to see which ones worked, and someone wrote down the information. "
1108c1109
< "There was one time where each of us interns were discussing what our current projects were, and what we were doing to achieve them. At this meeting, we were able to provide feedback to the other interns as we saw fit in order to understand if the project's goals were being met along with whether the project was being completed in the most efficient way possible."
---
> "There was one time where each of us interns were discussing what our current projects were, and what we were doing to achieve them. At this meeting, we were able to provide feedback to the other interns as we saw fit in order to understand if the project's goals were being met along with whether the project was being completed in the most efficient way possible. "
1111c1112
< "There were many different tasks in the office that required a fool proof procedure. When entering surveys or mailing out individual packages to the different counties, it took thought and insight from everyone involved to create a process that would make my work as efficient as possible. I took it upon my self to collaborate with others around me and make decisions on what would work best for me and others working on the task."
---
> "There were many different tasks in the office that required a fool proof procedure. When entering surveys or mailing out individual packages to the different counties, it took thought and insight from everyone involved to create a process that would make my work as efficient as possible. I took it upon my self to collaborate with others around me and make decisions on what would work best for me and others working on the task. "
1114c1115
< "They are designing a storage rack in here, the quality manger had some concerns with the first concept, so they had to redone it. for the 2nd prototype review, the quality manger did not show up for some reason. We had to make a quick decision. I used my previous knowledge about quality and the concerns they had about these racks to lead the team to do some testing and make suggestions for improvements. I took pictures of what we suggested and showed it to the quality manger later on, and he approved it."
---
> "They are designing a storage rack in here, the quality manger had some concerns with the first concept, so they had to redone it. for the 2nd prototype review, the quality manger did not show up for some reason. We had to make a quick decision. I used my previous knowledge about quality and the concerns they had about these racks to lead the team to do some testing and make suggestions for improvements. I took pictures of what we suggested and showed it to the quality manger later on, and he approved it. "
1117c1118
< "This is a general answer, but every project that was assigned to me was completely given to me. My mentors didn't need to stay on email chains or check in every step of the way because they fully trusted my responsibility and leadership capabilities."
---
> "This is a general answer, but every project that was assigned to me was completely given to me. My mentors didn't need to stay on email chains or check in every step of the way because they fully trusted my responsibility and leadership capabilities. "
1119c1120
< "This is practiced all of the time in my internship position. My UPIC is largely related to event coordinating and preparing. In order to achieve our goals for each event in a proper manner, my UPIC mentor meets with me and the other UPIC intern and explains everything that needs to happen for each individual event and tells us what we need to do in order for the whole to work together to achieve success."
---
> "This is practiced all of the time in my internship position. My UPIC is largely related to event coordinating and preparing. In order to achieve our goals for each event in a proper manner, my UPIC mentor meets with me and the other UPIC intern and explains everything that needs to happen for each individual event and tells us what we need to do in order for the whole to work together to achieve success. "
1121c1122
< "This job is all about leadership and finding a form of leadership that works best for your team. For me, that form of leadership is ripped right from ""The leadership challenge"" by Kouzues and Posner; Find a common goal. In my world of special events, we all always want the same thing, for the event to be successful and for the client to be happy (and at the end, to hurry up and go to bed). I think the best example I have for this from the semester would be the Paint Party that CLEMSONLiVE puts on every August for the new freshmen. Campus Activities and Events is in charge of running that event, and for providing things such as a crowd barricade and generators for the DJ's equipment. Unfortunately for me, I only had 1 staff member who was crowd control trained, so it was me, him, and my old director of operations setting up a rather heavy barricade. The adversity and leadership came in when it was 1:30 in the morning, and we were still trying to pick up these 200-300 pound, wet and slippery pieces of metal, and load them back into our truck. We all wanted one thing, to be in bed, so in order to make sure we all met that goal before sunrise, I essentially opened the floor to any and all suggestions to get to get the barricade back into the truck. Finally, after many ideas had been tossed around, we found a solution that worked and made it to bed before 3:00."
---
> "This job is all about leadership and finding a form of leadership that works best for your team. For me, that form of leadership is ripped right from ""The leadership challenge"" by Kouzues and Posner; Find a common goal. In my world of special events, we all always want the same thing, for the event to be successful and for the client to be happy (and at the end, to hurry up and go to bed). I think the best example I have for this from the semester would be the Paint Party that CLEMSONLiVE puts on every August for the new freshmen. Campus Activities and Events is in charge of running that event, and for providing things such as a crowd barricade and generators for the DJ's equipment. Unfortunately for me, I only had 1 staff member who was crowd control trained, so it was me, him, and my old director of operations setting up a rather heavy barricade. The adversity and leadership came in when it was 1:30 in the morning, and we were still trying to pick up these 200-300 pound, wet and slippery pieces of metal, and load them back into our truck. We all wanted one thing, to be in bed, so in order to make sure we all met that goal before sunrise, I essentially opened the floor to any and all suggestions to get to get the barricade back into the truck. Finally, after many ideas had been tossed around, we found a solution that worked and made it to bed before 3:00. "
1124c1125
< "This question does not apply to my internship, but a time that my supervisor did develop a team was during the hiring process. All the employees met at the beginning of the semester and we all had one common goal, to make the dairy farm more efficient."
---
> "This question does not apply to my internship, but a time that my supervisor did develop a team was during the hiring process. All the employees met at the beginning of the semester and we all had one common goal, to make the dairy farm more efficient. "
1126c1127
< "This semester I had the pleasure of training my replacement for this position. During this process, I took the approach to let her learn while doing. I wanted her to be hands on so that she was not overly stressed when I was not there. I would give her an event and run through it with her but then she would finish it from start to finish."
---
> "This semester I had the pleasure of training my replacement for this position. During this process, I took the approach to let her learn while doing. I wanted her to be hands on so that she was not overly stressed when I was not there. I would give her an event and run through it with her but then she would finish it from start to finish. "
1133c1134
< "This semester my supervisor asked me to do a talk on the recycling options we have for events, in the hope to move toward a more sustainable presence on campus. During this talk I explained our options on campus, off campus, and pricing options. Being able to contribute in this way is awesome, as sustainability is something I'm very passionate about."
---
> "This semester my supervisor asked me to do a talk on the recycling options we have for events, in the hope to move toward a more sustainable presence on campus. During this talk I explained our options on campus, off campus, and pricing options. Being able to contribute in this way is awesome, as sustainability is something I'm very passionate about. "
1136c1137
< This semester was unique in that it was the first regular semester with the new police chief. That brought its benefits and challenges. A lot of what we do at student patrol is changing towards meeting broader campus safety objectives. Chief [name] is actively working to expand our role and change our perception on campus by adding new positions and programs. This requires a lot of leadership on my part in order to make sure all of our positions are working together effectively and aware of what the immediate and overarching goals are.
---
> This semester was unique in that it was the first regular semester with the new police chief. That brought its benefits and challenges. A lot of what we do at student patrol is changing towards meeting broader campus safety objectives. Chief Mullen is actively working to expand our role and change our perception on campus by adding new positions and programs. This requires a lot of leadership on my part in order to make sure all of our positions are working together effectively and aware of what the immediate and overarching goals are.
1139c1140
< "This semester we launched our ""It's Not Too Late"" initiative and I spear-headed the campaign by bringing the vision to our group and getting input on how to best achieve it. We decided on handing out flyers, extending drop-in hours, and using our networks to get other organizations involved. Everyone was very engaged in the ideas and excited about making it happen. My leadership definitely aided in the effectiveness of this campaign and I am proud of all the success that my coworkers achieved."
---
> "This semester we launched our ÒItÕs Not Too LateÓ initiative and I spear-headed the campaign by bringing the vision to our group and getting input on how to best achieve it. We decided on handing out flyers, extending drop-in hours, and using our networks to get other organizations involved. Everyone was very engaged in the ideas and excited about making it happen. My leadership definitely aided in the effectiveness of this campaign and I am proud of all the success that my coworkers achieved. "
1141c1142
< "This semester, CEDC implemented a new project life cycle that would create deliverables for every stage of the research, design, and implementation processes. My fellow interns and I were tasked with doing back end evaluation of the new guidelines and determined that it detracted from the progress of many groups. From this determination, a new group within the organization will be formed that takes some of the research burden off of many groups."
---
> "This semester, CEDC implemented a new project life cycle that would create deliverables for every stage of the research, design, and implementation processes. My fellow interns and I were tasked with doing back end evaluation of the new guidelines and determined that it detracted from the progress of many groups. From this determination, a new group within the organization will be formed that takes some of the research burden off of many groups. "
1143c1144
< "This semester, I took complete control over the career center's blog, Crafting Your Clemson Career. I delegated content creation to undergrad career ambassadors and had to communicate the blog's vision and mission to the ambassadors so they understood their responsibility as writers."
---
> "This semester, I took complete control over the career center's blog, Crafting Your Clemson Career. I delegated content creation to undergrad career ambassadors and had to communicate the blog's vision and mission to the ambassadors so they understood their responsibility as writers. "
1145c1146
< "This was during the 5S audit in the plant. There was a template to be prepared for the audits. Many people gave their opinion regarding what to include and what not. I gave my support to one idea which I felt to be impressive and my inputs were considered. in the end, my inputs were used as a feedback and changes were made accordingly."
---
> "This was during the 5S audit in the plant. There was a template to be prepared for the audits. Many people gave their opinion regarding what to include and what not. I gave my support to one idea which I felt to be impressive and my inputs were considered. in the end, my inputs were used as a feedback and changes were made accordingly. "
1147,1148c1148,1149
< "Thought my entire internship [name] and I had to communicate efficiently because we were working side by side on the same project but weren't necessarily in the office at the exact same time. I created google docs to combine our research and interviewing materials and any other materials we gathered throughout the process. We also work on collaboration during phone calls with [name], both participating and ""interviewing"" [name]. Also I was given the opportunity to be the leader and present our work from the entire semester to the Board of Directors for the Spiro Institute."
< "Through facilitation of collaborative work on project proposals for the lunchbox gardens, nutrition and culture sheets for sweet potatoes we grew, and development of branding and signage."
---
> "Thought my entire internship Dylan and I had to communicate efficiently because we were working side by side on the same project but weren't necessarily in the office at the exact same time. I created google docs to combine our research and interviewing materials and any other materials we gathered throughout the process. We also work on collaboration during phone calls with Mr. Parsons, both participating and ""interviewing"" Mr. Parsons. Also I was given the opportunity to be the leader and present our work from the entire semester to the Board of Directors for the Spiro Institute."
> "Through facilitation of collaborative work on project proposals for the lunchbox gardens, nutrition and culture sheets for sweet potatoes we grew, and development of branding and signage. "
1151,1153c1152,1154
< "Through this experience, I was able to serve as a leader to these students by connecting them to other organizations which I felt that would get them the best connected to Clemson. A couple of these orgs included CUSG, A bevy, and fike."
< Through this internship I think that I have gained a lot of confidence when giving others advice about what it takes to run a business at this age. I have given presentations to other college students through [name]'s courses where I have gotten lots of feedback about how inspirational it is.
< "Throughout my internship experience, I had met so many individuals on campus. It is one of my favorite parts of the job! I love finding ways to connect with these individuals in the future. It might be a simple hello on campus for some but I am excited to say that I have met with a few of these interviewees for outside volunteer trips."
---
> "Through this experience, I was able to serve as a leader to these students by connecting them to other organizations which I felt that would get them the best connected to Clemson. A couple of these orgs included CUSG, A bevy, and fike. "
> Through this internship I think that I have gained a lot of confidence when giving others advice about what it takes to run a business at this age. I have given presentations to other college students through Dr. Hannons courses where I have gotten lots of feedback about how inspirational it is.
> "Throughout my internship experience, I had met so many individuals on campus. It is one of my favorite parts of the job! I love finding ways to connect with these individuals in the future. It might be a simple hello on campus for some but I am excited to say that I have met with a few of these interviewees for outside volunteer trips. "
1156,1159c1157,1160
< "Throughout my internship, I was responsible for engaging the rest of the Directors of CEDC. This included coordinating efforts between the Current Operations, Internal Communications, and Marketing Directors in order to insure the success of various events. Each of these groups works towards unique goals, but ultimately each group is working in a way that will ultimately allow CEDC to function and communicate more fluidly. My role as Program Director required facilitating communication between these three groups to make sure that although Current Operations is responsible for logistics of trips and events; internal communications is responsible for organizing correspondence between directors and groups and between the organization as a whole; Marketing is responsible for communicating CEDC to community, that all three of these groups realize that ultimately they are working together to allow CEDC to work most efficiently."
< "Throughout my internship, individuals would come to me with their information and deadlines and I would create marketing activities based on these specific needs. While the departments are different, they have one thing in common: representing campus recreation in a positive, uplifting light. This broad organizational objective was necessary in creating consistent, accurate Campus Recreation branding."
< "Throughout my Value Propositioning project, I was able to lead department heads in conversations and discussions about the value that comes from each department's roles, which in the end contributed to the common goal of growth in OOBE. These different points of view all contributed to the development of the OOBE Goal."
< Throughout the semester we got to meet with different entrepreneur alumni that [name] brought in. This was very interesting and was something that helped me understand what success really was in the business world through many different lenses and industries.
---
> "Throughout my internship, I was responsible for engaging the rest of the Directors of CEDC. This included coordinating efforts between the Current Operations, Internal Communications, and Marketing Directors in order to insure the success of various events. Each of these groups works towards unique goals, but ultimately each group is working in a way that will ultimately allow CEDC to function and communicate more fluidly. My role as Program Director required facilitating communication between these three groups to make sure that although Current Operations is responsible for logistics of trips and events; internal communications is responsible for organizing correspondence between directors and groups and between the organization as a whole; Marketing is responsible for communicating CEDC to community, that all three of these groups realize that ultimately they are working together to allow CEDC to work most efficiently. "
> "Throughout my internship, individuals would come to me with their information and deadlines and I would create marketing activities based on these specific needs. While the departments are different, they have one thing in common: representing campus recreation in a positive, uplifting light. This broad organizational objective was necessary in creating consistent, accurate Campus Recreation branding. "
> "Throughout my Value Propositioning project, I was able to lead department heads in conversations and discussions about the value that comes from each department's roles, which in the end contributed to the common goal of growth in OOBE. These different points of view all contributed to the development of the OOBE Goal. "
> Throughout the semester we got to meet with different entrepreneur alumni that Dr. Hannon brought in. This was very interesting and was something that helped me understand what success really was in the business world through many different lenses and industries.
1161,1166c1162,1167
< "Throughout the semester, all of the interns and mentors would meet as a group. At this time, we would catch everyone up on our individual progress, and our mentors would inform us on how we were progressing with our overall goal. We would also discuss possible marketing ideas for how to get more students to go abroad to further reach our goal. Everyone would contribute ideas that they had, and we would discuss how we would make that idea work. At the end of the meeting we would have reached a decision on how we should promote studying abroad. Some of our previous ideas included a percent night at Groucho's and hanging and handing out flyers for our ""It's Not Too Late"" Campaign."
< "Throughout the semester, I have been able to observe my supervisor. One major time that stands out to me regard this question is Beta Gamma Sigma. My advisor, myself, the other intern for my advisor, and few other people involved in the College of Business organized and set up everything prior to the event. My supervisor, [mentor], did a terrific job of explaining her visions for the event and leading us to ensure that the event ran smoothly."
< "throughout the various timber cruises, we have worked on, when presented with a problem from other interns I would ask them how they would solve it with the information they have learned in class."
< "Throughout this internship at Healthy Campus, I constantly maintained positive relationships with all members of staff. I showed respect to everyone in my office and the students that we interacted with on campus. I appreciated that we were all from different backgrounds and I felt that my acceptance of that really helped facilitate dialogue in various meetings such as the TATT board meetings and the Student Veteran's Commission meetings."
< "Throughout this semester I have been working with the IAC to coordinate energy audits and get companies on our page with saving money, and energy."
< "Throughout working on different projects, I liked to ask people to test what I had worked on to see if it was comprehendible"
---
> "Throughout the semester, all of the interns and mentors would meet as a group. At this time, we would catch everyone up on our individual progress, and our mentors would inform us on how we were progressing with our overall goal. We would also discuss possible marketing ideas for how to get more students to go abroad to further reach our goal. Everyone would contribute ideas that they had, and we would discuss how we would make that idea work. At the end of the meeting we would have reached a decision on how we should promote studying abroad. Some of our previous ideas included a percent night at GrouchoÕs and hanging and handing out flyers for our ÒItÕs Not Too LateÓ Campaign. "
> "Throughout the semester, I have been able to observe my supervisor. One major time that stands out to me regard this question is Beta Gamma Sigma. My advisor, myself, the other intern for my advisor, and few other people involved in the College of Business organized and set up everything prior to the event. My supervisor, Allie, did a terrific job of explaining her visions for the event and leading us to ensure that the event ran smoothly. "
> "throughout the various timber cruises, we have worked on, when presented with a problem from other interns I would ask them how they would solve it with the information they have learned in class. "
> "Throughout this internship at Healthy Campus, I constantly maintained positive relationships with all members of staff. I showed respect to everyone in my office and the students that we interacted with on campus. I appreciated that we were all from different backgrounds and I felt that my acceptance of that really helped facilitate dialogue in various meetings such as the TATT board meetings and the Student Veteran's Commission meetings. "
> "Throughout this semester I have been working with the IAC to coordinate energy audits and get companies on our page with saving money, and energy. "
> "Throughout working on different projects, I liked to ask people to test what I had worked on to see if it was comprehendible "
1169,1174c1170,1175
< "Toward the end of this semester we delivered a mobile aquaponics system to Erskin College in Due West, SC. This system was to be used by the college, and to also educate the middle school robotics team as they research ways of developing an automated aquaponics system. With that said, after we installed the system I was fortunate to be able to visit project leaders at Erskin. We had a great conversation about aquaponics and its place in the South Carolina Agriculture. Everyone was open to sharing their ideas and view points and once again they were asking me questions, which I guess would place me in some sort of leadership position."
< "Towards the end of my internship, our office was getting new carpet. The days leading up to this were very hectic; people were trying to do their work, but we also had to get everything moved out. The key to this was that everything had to be labeled and organized so that we could move in immediately after to resume operations, as we had guests coming to stay with us that weekend. Because the other members of my team had time sensitive work, I took it upon myself to help them organize files, belongings, and any other work I could aid them with. This helped free them up so that they could aid our customers and we could continue to have impeccable customer service. I am very detailed and thorough, so I was able to help organize who's stuff went where. After our carpet was installed, we were able to resume operations smoothly, and everyone's belongings were accounted for."
< [Mentor] my supervisor got three of us to do testing on peaches and he should us all how to do a part to make it efficient as possible and we were able to do it really fast.
< [Mentor] told me to do some peach splitting with these girls and so I guess he lead us to a goal.
< [Name] and others initiated a sip and paint for our program so that the other students can have a decompressing event.
< "[Mentor] has been an interesting supervisor to work with, as he does a lot with Creative Inquiry. It was interesting to see the way that he manages his team of Decipher writers and handles their needs as well as mine. (Decipher and I share an office space.)"
---
> "Toward the end of this semester we delivered a mobile aquaponics system to Erskin College in Due West, SC. This system was to be used by the college, and to also educate the middle school robotics team as they research ways of developing an automated aquaponics system. With that said, after we installed the system I was fortunate to be able to visit project leaders at Erskin. We had a great conversation about aquaponics and its place in the South Carolina Agriculture. Everyone was open to sharing their ideas and view points and once again they were asking me questions, which I guess would place me in some sort of leadership position. "
> "Towards the end of my internship, our office was getting new carpet. The days leading up to this were very hectic; people were trying to do their work, but we also had to get everything moved out. The key to this was that everything had to be labeled and organized so that we could move in immediately after to resume operations, as we had guests coming to stay with us that weekend. Because the other members of my team had time sensitive work, I took it upon myself to help them organize files, belongings, and any other work I could aid them with. This helped free them up so that they could aid our customers and we could continue to have impeccable customer service. I am very detailed and thorough, so I was able to help organize who's stuff went where. After our carpet was installed, we were able to resume operations smoothly, and everyone's belongings were accounted for. "
> Trey my supervisor got three of us to do testing on peaches and he should us all how to do a part to make it efficient as possible and we were able to do it really fast.
> Trey told me to do some peach splitting with these girls and so I guess he lead us to a goal.
> Trina and others initiated a sip and paint for our program so that the other students can have a decompressing event.
> "Tullen has been an interesting supervisor to work with, as he does a lot with Creative Inquiry. It was interesting to see the way that he manages his team of Decipher writers and handles their needs as well as mine. (Decipher and I share an office space.)"
1177c1178
< "Under my first supervisor, [mentor], the division of labor was highly tailored to everyone's strengths and weaknesses. At the beginning of Senate meetings, there are a lot of moving parts to make sure everything goes smoothly. Attendance must be taken from behind (no view of Senator's nametags), guest must be identified and prepared for announcements at the beginning of the session, refreshments must be set-up, name cards distributed. [Mentor] was brilliant at parsing these tasks to the person who excelled at each part."
---
> "Under my first supervisor, Destiny, the division of labor was highly tailored to everyone's strengths and weaknesses. At the beginning of Senate meetings, there are a lot of moving parts to make sure everything goes smoothly. Attendance must be taken from behind (no view of Senator's nametags), guest must be identified and prepared for announcements at the beginning of the session, refreshments must be set-up, name cards distributed. Destiny was brilliant at parsing these tasks to the person who excelled at each part."
1179,1181c1180,1182
< "Upon conclusion of our annual microscopy competition, we had a discussion of what we did and did not like. As the summer intern, I was responsible for getting all of the information together to launch the competition. Likewise, during the fall, our entire group worked as a team to effectively carry out this competition. I developed a document and a post event survey for our mentor so that we could go over what worked and what could be improved on for the next year."
< "Upon midterm presentations, all of the interns talk together and provide feedback/ask questions to figure out what everyone else is working on. This is a great way to have informative discussions and really just be able to learn and push everyone else. After one of the interns presentations, myself and another intern were able to ask [name] about his business process so that we would be able to help in to improve."
< "Upon the completion of trial, [name] led 3 lab assistants  including myself  towards completing the ultrasonic process of aniloxes for the upcoming trial. His leadership coupled with our group's hard work led to completion of the task in a timely and effective manner."
---
> "Upon conclusion of our annual microscopy competition, we had a discussion of what we did and did not like. As the summer intern, I was responsible for getting all of the information together to launch the competition. Likewise, during the fall, our entire group worked as a team to effectively carry out this competition. I developed a document and a post event survey for our mentor so that we could go over what worked and what could be improved on for the next year. "
> "Upon midterm presentations, all of the interns talk together and provide feedback/ask questions to figure out what everyone else is working on. This is a great way to have informative discussions and really just be able to learn and push everyone else. After one of the interns presentations, myself and another intern were able to ask Connor about his business process so that we would be able to help in to improve. "
> "Upon the completion of trial, Shane led 3 lab assistants Ð including myself Ð towards completing the ultrasonic process of aniloxes for the upcoming trial. His leadership coupled with our groupÕs hard work led to completion of the task in a timely and effective manner. "
1184,1187c1185,1188
< "Very similar to what I described above in the first meeting I had with a Risk Area, we met with that same Risk Area, but this time, the major of the Risk Owners were present at the meeting. We wanted to get their feedback on the dashboards because they would, ultimately, be the ones using the tool we have created. Also, every one of them had a different perspective on the dashboards. For example, one would really enjoy the scatter plots, while another enjoyed a simple bar graph. It allowed us to take into consideration all of their opinions and produce the best dashboard we could for them."
< "Was able to provide useful input on the development of the research year in review document, and also was able to make good progress on potential publication"
< "We adopted a new project management tool this semester, BaseCamp, I served as the initial tester of the tool and encouraged other interns to fully embrace it to report on projects. This ultimately helped our boss have a better understanding of our accomplishments."
< "we all want to be the most efficient, especially with the animals. We all work towards a common goal, and that making sure all animals are meeting daily needs, well and producing efficiently."
---
> "Very similar to what I described above in the first meeting I had with a Risk Area, we met with that same Risk Area, but this time, the major of the Risk Owners were present at the meeting. We wanted to get their feedback on the dashboards because they would, ultimately, be the ones using the tool we have created. Also, every one of them had a different perspective on the dashboards. For example, one would really enjoy the scatter plots, while another enjoyed a simple bar graph. It allowed us to take into consideration all of their opinions and produce the best dashboard we could for them. "
> "Was able to provide useful input on the development of the research year in review document, and also was able to make good progress on potential publication "
> "We adopted a new project management tool this semester, BaseCamp, I served as the initial tester of the tool and encouraged other interns to fully embrace it to report on projects. This ultimately helped our boss have a better understanding of our accomplishments. "
> "we all want to be the most efficient, especially with the animals. We all work towards a common goal, and that making sure all animals are meeting daily needs, well and producing efficiently. "
1207c1208
< "We had social media meetings every Monday morning at 10 am throughout the semester. In these meetings, we would all express what kinds of content we should create and post throughout the week. I regularly offered to write content and take on responsibility for the group. This allowed me to assume a leadership role in the group."
---
> "We had social media meetings every Monday morning at 10 am throughout the semester. In these meetings, we would all express what kinds of content we should create and post throughout the week. I regularly offered to write content and take on responsibility for the group. This allowed me to assume a leadership role in the group. "
1209c1210
< "We have a lot of groups come in to use both the video and audio studios, and if they have questions, they will come to the interns. I have helped groups on multiple occasions where the individual students will need help reaching a common goal or completing a task that they had planned. Each student in the group will recognize what they can do to help, whether it's in dealing with equipment or in the production aspect."
---
> "We have a lot of groups come in to use both the video and audio studios, and if they have questions, they will come to the interns. I have helped groups on multiple occasions where the individual students will need help reaching a common goal or completing a task that they had planned. Each student in the group will recognize what they can do to help, whether itÕs in dealing with equipment or in the production aspect."
1211c1212
< "We have an impact project that every student intern has to participate in to better the team as a whole. I noticed not many people with special needs were attending the game so my boss and I worked on a sensory night so people with sensory needs could attend. This took everyone we had to achieve it, but unfortunately we could not fit it into the schedule this year."
---
> "We have an impact project that every student intern has to participate in to better the team as a whole. I noticed not many people with special needs were attending the game so my boss and I worked on a sensory night so people with sensory needs could attend. This took everyone we had to achieve it, but unfortunately we could not fit it into the schedule this year. "
1216,1217c1217,1218
< "We have one employee, [name], who is highly efficient with the Hardinge CNC lathe. None of the other employees are very familiar with the machine. Therefore, as a leadership team, we encouraged [name] to write a training manual for the CNC lathe so that other people would be able to continue its use after he graduates this semester."
< "We have team meetings every few weeks in my department. We had to reschedule an event last minute. We all met in the conference room and [name] took charge because she is usually the most organized. She capitalized on everyone's strengths such as her relationship with the Dean, [name]'s ability to schedule and her relationship with the people at the venue, [name]'s relationship with donors and ""people person"" abilities, and the event was rescheduled with an invitation sent out the very next day."
---
> "We have one employee, Richard, who is highly efficient with the Hardinge CNC lathe. None of the other employees are very familiar with the machine. Therefore, as a leadership team, we encouraged Richard to write a training manual for the CNC lathe so that other people would be able to continue its use after he graduates this semester."
> "We have team meetings every few weeks in my department. We had to reschedule an event last minute. We all met in the conference room and Kelly took charge because she is usually the most organized. She capitalized on everyone's strengths such as her relationship with the Dean, Rachel's ability to schedule and her relationship with the people at the venue, Doug's relationship with donors and ""people person"" abilities, and the event was rescheduled with an invitation sent out the very next day."
1219c1220
< "We helped get a political candidate on the ballot for a position. It was a lot of work, and a lot of it was boring. It seemed like it would never end, but I was responsible for reporting our progress back to the candidate and his campaign manager."
---
> "We helped get a political candidate on the ballot for a position. It was a lot of work, and a lot of it was boring. It seemed like it would never end, but I was responsible for reporting our progress back to the candidate and his campaign manager. "
1236,1238c1237,1239
< "When brainstorming ideas for video content, we often had different ideas. I facilitated conversations about which ideas would work best for us to film at that time."
< "When [mentor] was out on sick leave, many days that I worked I delegated tasks to certain groups and went around as supervisor to ensure tasks were completed"
< "When communicating with my co-workers, I often take the leadership role and direct the the girls on what to do and how to do it."
---
> "When brainstorming ideas for video content, we often had different ideas. I facilitated conversations about which ideas would work best for us to film at that time. "
> "When Carol was out on sick leave, many days that I worked I delegated tasks to certain groups and went around as supervisor to ensure tasks were completed "
> "When communicating with my co-workers, I often take the leadership role and direct the the girls on what to do and how to do it. "
1240,1241c1241,1242
< "When creating a logo for the College of Science's mentor program COSMIC, we met as a department to discuss proper wordage for the logo. Everyone had the opportunity to bring ideas to the table and there was a serious conversation about cultural/socially acceptable words."
< "When creating an informational brochure, we needed to work with many other people from other partner organizations in order to crate something that would work for everyone. My supervisor created a group of representatives from each of these organizations and put them in contact with me so that we could all work together to make sure that this brochure was accurate when describing other organizations. My supervisor made sure everyone knew our goals and had up to date information."
---
> "When creating a logo for the College of Science's mentor program COSMIC, we met as a department to discuss proper wordage for the logo. Everyone had the opportunity to bring ideas to the table and there was a serious conversation about cultural/socially acceptable words. "
> "When creating an informational brochure, we needed to work with many other people from other partner organizations in order to crate something that would work for everyone. My supervisor created a group of representatives from each of these organizations and put them in contact with me so that we could all work together to make sure that this brochure was accurate when describing other organizations. My supervisor made sure everyone knew our goals and had up to date information. "
1243,1245c1244,1246
< "When creating TigerLink logos, I worked with other interns to create a variety of different logo options. The other interns had very different view points for this. We used this as an opportunity to brainstorm and create more logo options."
< "When delivering parent surveys at Greenville county schools, I had the opportunity to exhibit leadership. I was responsible for translating surveys into Spanish in order to better communicate with parents of the hispanic/latino community. Then, I had the responsibility of approaching parents at various school functions and conducting interviews in Spanish."
< "When designing the EUREKA! logo, I worked with a team at the Honors College to design the logo. The EUREKA! logo was the common goal, and each staff member had a different point of view on what the logo should look like. I had to take into account the staff as well as alumni to create a design that covered all aspects of the goal."
---
> "When creating TigerLink logos, I worked with other interns to create a variety of different logo options. The other interns had very different view points for this. We used this as an opportunity to brainstorm and create more logo options. "
> "When delivering parent surveys at Greenville county schools, I had the opportunity to exhibit leadership. I was responsible for translating surveys into Spanish in order to better communicate with parents of the hispanic/latino community. Then, I had the responsibility of approaching parents at various school functions and conducting interviews in Spanish. "
> "When designing the EUREKA! logo, I worked with a team at the Honors College to design the logo. The EUREKA! logo was the common goal, and each staff member had a different point of view on what the logo should look like. I had to take into account the staff as well as alumni to create a design that covered all aspects of the goal. "
1247,1248c1248,1249
< "When [name] discovers a new project he would like to tackle, he always considers wach interns major and skill set to find who would best be able to handle the task at hand."
< "When editing the fitness and tour video, I offered some examples of different techniques we could use for transitions between the clips. I asked the intern I was collaborating with to decide which one she thought looked the best and to provide feedback on other parts of the video."
---
> "When Dr. Wole discovers a new project he would like to tackle, he always considers wach interns major and skill set to find who would best be able to handle the task at hand. "
> "-When editing the fitness and tour video, I offered some examples of different techniques we could use for transitions between the clips. I asked the intern I was collaborating with to decide which one she thought looked the best and to provide feedback on other parts of the video."
1251,1252c1252,1253
< "When first designing the website for occupancy data, I encouraged discussion about the user interface and functionality of the website by asking questions about the end user and the uses to which collected occupancy data could be put. This helped all interested parties to understand the role that the website might play for others in the organization and ultimately lead to a better design for the website."
< "When giving internal feedback to coworkers, it's good to have a second eye on every design because some people catch things that I couldn't catch on my own and vice versa."
---
> "When first designing the website for occupancy data, I encouraged discussion about the user interface and functionality of the website by asking questions about the end user and the uses to which collected occupancy data could be put. This helped all interested parties to understand the role that the website might play for others in the organization and ultimately lead to a better design for the website. "
> "When giving internal feedback to coworkers, it's good to have a second eye on every design because some people catch things that I couldn't catch on my own and vice versa. "
1255,1256c1256,1257
< "When I am able to make it to meetings, I always try my best to direct conversation and ask questions that not only pertain to my work, but also my fellow interns."
< "When I first began writing my article for the Experience magazine, I was surprised to find how many opinions and suggestions go into one piece. Along with several other writers, including my superiors, I was able to gain a greater amount of insight into how others can help make my writing much better, even though I was unsure about the whole process at first."
---
> "When I am able to make it to meetings, I always try my best to direct conversation and ask questions that not only pertain to my work, but also my fellow interns. "
> "When I first began writing my article for the Experience magazine, I was surprised to find how many opinions and suggestions go into one piece. Along with several other writers, including my superiors, I was able to gain a greater amount of insight into how others can help make my writing much better, even though I was unsure about the whole process at first. "
1264,1269c1265,1270
< "When I was asked if there were any ideas I had for one of the Instagram accounts, I suggested reorganizing their story highlights and adding cover images to each. This was then mentioned to the client who loved the idea and I created what I had in mind. With the help of my supervisor and fellow interns we began the process of doing this for multiple clients and accounts, since it was so well received by the followers of the original account."
< "When I was working on the dislinked link health check tool with my fellow two interns, there is one end goal product that we wanted to produce in the end. As I was the older intern who had worked with the team before at the beginning of the semester, the role of directing the interns on where to go in this project fell to me after the senior employees gave us the project requirements. I assisted in giving the three of us a vision of what the design was to look like and what we were working towards. I created work tickets in our work tracking system called Jira and we began to grab those and work on them, and then we could combine code together when we completed tickets and continue to constantly recheck if what we had, was building towards the end goal."
< "When I work with the other intern, as he is still learning the ropes to an extent. I let him know that not everything I do is the right way, and that if he finds ways to do things on his own or better ways as a whole to do things to go for it. Of course sharing that info with me is helpful as well because its all a learning experience for both of us."
< "When I worked on the homecoming build story about [name], I was told to interview him. I went out and spoke with many different people who had worked wtih him and together with their help, I was able to write a well rounded story."
< "When installing parts for a new car, there is a specific 'new model team' that works on the line to install new complex parts before they go into mass production, and when a part needs to be installed on the cube perfectly, my manager would call the new model team from the assembly line to ensure the part was placed properly, and to help troubleshoot potential problems they saw with installation before gaps and flushness were discussed."
< "When it came to leadership, I was more behind the scenes observing other leaders in action. Being able to watch the President lead other faculty members and discuss things in higher education."
---
> "When I was asked if there were any ideas I had for one of the Instagram accounts, I suggested reorganizing their story highlights and adding cover images to each. This was then mentioned to the client who loved the idea and I created what I had in mind. With the help of my supervisor and fellow interns we began the process of doing this for multiple clients and accounts, since it was so well received by the followers of the original account. "
> "When I was working on the dislinked link health check tool with my fellow two interns, there is one end goal product that we wanted to produce in the end. As I was the older intern who had worked with the team before at the beginning of the semester, the role of directing the interns on where to go in this project fell to me after the senior employees gave us the project requirements. I assisted in giving the three of us a vision of what the design was to look like and what we were working towards. I created work tickets in our work tracking system called Jira and we began to grab those and work on them, and then we could combine code together when we completed tickets and continue to constantly recheck if what we had, was building towards the end goal. "
> "When I work with the other intern, as he is still learning the ropes to an extent. I let him know that not everything I do is the right way, and that if he finds ways to do things on his own or better ways as a whole to do things to go for it. Of course sharing that info with me is helpful as well because its all a learning experience for both of us. "
> "When I worked on the homecoming build story about Pastor Heavner, I was told to interview him. I went out and spoke with many different people who had worked wtih him and together with their help, I was able to write a well rounded story. "
> "When installing parts for a new car, there is a specific 'new model team' that works on the line to install new complex parts before they go into mass production, and when a part needs to be installed on the cube perfectly, my manager would call the new model team from the assembly line to ensure the part was placed properly, and to help troubleshoot potential problems they saw with installation before gaps and flushness were discussed. "
> "When it came to leadership, I was more behind the scenes observing other leaders in action. Being able to watch the President lead other faculty members and discuss things in higher education. "
1272,1274c1273,1275
< "When making updates to the departmental website, some professors met with me to discuss their concerns and ideas about the site. I combined all of the thoughts to make the updates."
< "When meeting with my team every week, we often bounced ideas, projects and tasks off each other and encouraged discussion as well as disagreement to ensure we are all in agreement on things."
< "When my supervisor splits the different areas of the IAC reports into sections, he selects certain individuals for certain tasks. I often noticed that he assigned new sections to individuals that were more experienced and assigned sections that are more developed (have a template) to individuals that have not been a part of IAC as long. I found this very helpful!"
---
> "When making updates to the departmental website, some professors met with me to discuss their concerns and ideas about the site. I combined all of the thoughts to make the updates. "
> "When meeting with my team every week, we often bounced ideas, projects and tasks off each other and encouraged discussion as well as disagreement to ensure we are all in agreement on things. "
> "When my supervisor splits the different areas of the IAC reports into sections, he selects certain individuals for certain tasks. I often noticed that he assigned new sections to individuals that were more experienced and assigned sections that are more developed (have a template) to individuals that have not been a part of IAC as long. I found this very helpful! "
1277,1278c1278,1279
< "When our part lab was getting too full and the numbers were slipping, my mentor organized the members from each zone, set and target date and cleared out the lab to help improve our numbers."
< "When planning Club Werk It, some problems arose and so I called for an in person meeting with the group fitness instructors and our superiors. I wanted everyone to feel like they were able to voice their opinions and feel that they had a part in this event, so I actively listened and responded to any questions they had."
---
> "When our part lab was getting too full and the numbers were slipping, my mentor organized the members from each zone, set and target date and cleared out the lab to help improve our numbers. "
> "When planning Club Werk It, some problems arose and so I called for an in person meeting with the group fitness instructors and our superiors. I wanted everyone to feel like they were able to voice their opinions and feel that they had a part in this event, so I actively listened and responded to any questions they had. "
1282,1283c1283,1284
< "When tasked with producing a video, [mentor] assigned several people separate jobs that were in tune with our technical and creative strengths so that we could produce the video efficiently."
< "When the Clemson students were in Haiti for Spring Break, I wrote discussion questions and led reflections every night. Topics for discussion included impressions of Haiti, accomplishments each day, how we as Americans view Haitians from our own cultural perspective, and the difference between agency and advocacy. Everyone was given the chance to contribute their own perspectives. On the last night of discussion, I encouraged everyone to discuss CEDC's role in Haiti and the sustainability of our model. I invited everyone to reflect on what about our role should change moving forward. After much discussion and debate, everyone was able to agree on CEDC's role in the community and how it should change. People's reflections were very thoughtful, and they allowed the group to develop a deep understanding of what they experienced in Haiti and CEDC's role as an organization working in Haiti."
---
> "When tasked with producing a video, Dr. Northcutt assigned several people separate jobs that were in tune with our technical and creative strengths so that we could produce the video efficiently. "
> "When the Clemson students were in Haiti for Spring Break, I wrote discussion questions and led reflections every night. Topics for discussion included impressions of Haiti, accomplishments each day, how we as Americans view Haitians from our own cultural perspective, and the difference between agency and advocacy. Everyone was given the chance to contribute their own perspectives. On the last night of discussion, I encouraged everyone to discuss CEDCÕs role in Haiti and the sustainability of our model. I invited everyone to reflect on what about our role should change moving forward. After much discussion and debate, everyone was able to agree on CEDCÕs role in the community and how it should change. PeopleÕs reflections were very thoughtful, and they allowed the group to develop a deep understanding of what they experienced in Haiti and CEDCÕs role as an organization working in Haiti. "
1287,1290c1288,1291
< "When we decided to reclassify some of our accounts, I became the one to notify others in our department that would be affected by this change and make it easier on them. To do this, I reached out to other members of our department, such as the Accounts Receivables Manager, to ensure transactions will continue to go into the new, proper accounts. I reformatted the RFF form to distribute across our department to make it easier for everyone else to understand and utilize the new accounts. I also assisted in breaking up the classification of prior and current transactions to fit with our new classification."
< "When we experienced some issues with how money was being handled, I met with the Hub staff during a training session to help explain and practice the importance of handling money responsibly."
< "When we have our intern meetings, our leaders divide up our work based on different intern strengths and weaknesses."
< "When we held workshops, I spoke of how every student will go through struggles when they are going through college, but how the student reacts to those struggles is what dictates the road path they will take as a student. The path I encouraged was the one that led to them walking across the stage with diploma in hand at graduation."
---
> "When we decided to reclassify some of our accounts, I became the one to notify others in our department that would be affected by this change and make it easier on them. To do this, I reached out to other members of our department, such as the Accounts Receivables Manager, to ensure transactions will continue to go into the new, proper accounts. I reformatted the RFF form to distribute across our department to make it easier for everyone else to understand and utilize the new accounts. I also assisted in breaking up the classification of prior and current transactions to fit with our new classification. "
> "When we experienced some issues with how money was being handled, I met with the Hub staff during a training session to help explain and practice the importance of handling money responsibly. "
> "When we have our intern meetings, our leaders divide up our work based on different intern strengths and weaknesses. "
> "When we held workshops, I spoke of how every student will go through struggles when they are going through college, but how the student reacts to those struggles is what dictates the road path they will take as a student. The path I encouraged was the one that led to them walking across the stage with diploma in hand at graduation. "
1292,1293c1293,1294
< "When we started working orientation sessions, we were using a questionnaire board as our visual draw for students. However, after a couple of sessions, we noticed that many people were put off by the excessive amount of words on the board. To fix this issue, another intern and I went to our supervisors and proposed redesigning the board with our campaign posters to create a more visually appealing draw for orientations. They agreed, and gave us feedback on what posters they would like to see, leaving us to decide which ones we would display to the incoming students. Upon completing the board, we received the approval to start bringing it to orientations to represent our department."
< "When we were originally given the UPIC Manual assignment, [name] had emailed us the details and gave us the freedom to create it anyway we wanted it as long as we used University approved logos and color palettes. Since many of us were not use to being given such freedom on a big project like this we often felt overwhelmed, so to help alleviate this I asked the other interns via email or personally what their ideas were and I tried to incorporate them into how I designed the manual."
---
> "When we started working orientation sessions, we were using a questionnaire board as our visual draw for students. However, after a couple of sessions, we noticed that many people were put off by the excessive amount of words on the board. To fix this issue, another intern and I went to our supervisors and proposed redesigning the board with our campaign posters to create a more visually appealing draw for orientations. They agreed, and gave us feedback on what posters they would like to see, leaving us to decide which ones we would display to the incoming students. Upon completing the board, we received the approval to start bringing it to orientations to represent our department. "
> "When we were originally given the UPIC Manual assignment, Janet had emailed us the details and gave us the freedom to create it anyway we wanted it as long as we used University approved logos and color palettes. Since many of us were not use to being given such freedom on a big project like this we often felt overwhelmed, so to help alleviate this I asked the other interns via email or personally what their ideas were and I tried to incorporate them into how I designed the manual."
1295c1296
< "When working on a magazine or some other published piece, it is important for different leaders to alternate taking the reigns during the project. As a writer, I often have to take the lead when it comes to my own articles and written pieces, but I find it easy to follow the lead of others when I am working on their project."
---
> "When working on a magazine or some other published piece, it is important for different leaders to alternate taking the reigns during the project. As a writer, I often have to take the lead when it comes to my own articles and written pieces, but I find it easy to follow the lead of others when I am working on their project. "
1298,1301c1299,1302
< "When working on the study abroad opportunity, [name] utilized a variety of staff from various backgrounds and departments in order to give the program the best possible visibility to prospective participants."
< "When working with fellow interns, we would often motivate and encourage each other through idea generation and adaptation. Specifically, when creating the database, I lead discussions about what methods would be most efficient and effective."
< "When working with our graduate assistant on creating mentor modules for Canvas, we were able to work together to review the manual and create a vision for our project. This involved checking in with her on a regular basis about the status of the project and asking how I can contribute or help move it along for use next semester."
< "When working with the best chance network patients, I would often have to work with the patient and their family members that were present. I learned how to efficiently lead both the patient and their family member to the ideologies of healthy eating and exercising to improve the patients health."
---
> "When working on the study abroad opportunity, DR. Parker utilized a variety of staff from various backgrounds and departments in order to give the program the best possible visibility to prospective participants. "
> "When working with fellow interns, we would often motivate and encourage each other through idea generation and adaptation. Specifically, when creating the database, I lead discussions about what methods would be most efficient and effective. "
> "When working with our graduate assistant on creating mentor modules for Canvas, we were able to work together to review the manual and create a vision for our project. This involved checking in with her on a regular basis about the status of the project and asking how I can contribute or help move it along for use next semester. "
> "When working with the best chance network patients, I would often have to work with the patient and their family members that were present. I learned how to efficiently lead both the patient and their family member to the ideologies of healthy eating and exercising to improve the patients health. "
1304,1310c1305,1311
< "Whenever a guide had a dispute with the company, I would end up listening to their position, giving them a space to express their ideas, while also expressing the company's point of view and trying to make sure all perspectives were heard."
< "Whenever a parent or student at orientation was on the fence about bringing a car to college, I encouraged them to talk about their transportation situation, so I could help them make the most well-informed decision based on their needs and our capabilities."
< "Whenever a team member is unsure or unaware of the aspects of a particular Adobe product, I encouraged them or myself to engage with those who are more experienced with the product to gain valuable knowledge that could be used in the future."
< "Whenever we are trying to create a new, creative social media video, we are all encouraged to speak ideas on what the video could be as well as address any potential problems that could arise from someone elses idea. This works as a brainstorm in which all ideas are encouraged and discussed."
< "Whenever we had our social media team meetings, we stressed that no idea was stupid. We encouraged creativity and to share their different visions and ideas, in order to achieve the goal of a good social media feed."
< "Whenever we went on site, [name] really took charge of the project. He was respectful, yet made sure his visions were being met."
< "While at my conference for environmental defense, I had the unique opportunity to talk about and share some aspects of American politics and environmental sustainability as viewed in the United States with people of diverse cultural backgrounds. During this conversation, a wide range of viewpoints and opinions were shared in order to achieve an understanding of the problems at hand and ways to go about a greener lifestyle."
---
> "Whenever a guide had a dispute with the company, I would end up listening to their position, giving them a space to express their ideas, while also expressing the company's point of view and trying to make sure all perspectives were heard. "
> "Whenever a parent or student at orientation was on the fence about bringing a car to college, I encouraged them to talk about their transportation situation, so I could help them make the most well-informed decision based on their needs and our capabilities. "
> "Whenever a team member is unsure or unaware of the aspects of a particular Adobe product, I encouraged them or myself to engage with those who are more experienced with the product to gain valuable knowledge that could be used in the future. "
> "Whenever we are trying to create a new, creative social media video, we are all encouraged to speak ideas on what the video could be as well as address any potential problems that could arise from someone elses idea. This works as a brainstorm in which all ideas are encouraged and discussed. "
> "Whenever we had our social media team meetings, we stressed that no idea was stupid. We encouraged creativity and to share their different visions and ideas, in order to achieve the goal of a good social media feed. "
> "Whenever we went on site, John really took charge of the project. He was respectful, yet made sure his visions were being met. "
> "While at my conference for environmental defense, I had the unique opportunity to talk about and share some aspects of American politics and environmental sustainability as viewed in the United States with people of diverse cultural backgrounds. During this conversation, a wide range of viewpoints and opinions were shared in order to achieve an understanding of the problems at hand and ways to go about a greener lifestyle. "
1313c1314
< "While Football has a full time graphic design intern, they also have 7 other part time design interns/volunteers. This wasn't always the case though--they added on 4 more volunteers towards the end of fall 2017. When taking on these four new staff members, I watched my boss sit down and develop a new strategy that eased the new volunteers into the process that we already had set. I also watched him provide more responsibility to those of us who had been here longer and put us in leadership roles to serve as mentors for the new staff members."
---
> "While Football has a full time graphic design intern, they also have 7 other part time design interns/volunteers. This wasn't always the case though--they added on 4 more volunteers towards the end of fall 2017. When taking on these four new staff members, I watched my boss sit down and develop a new strategy that eased the new volunteers into the process that we already had set. I also watched him provide more responsibility to those of us who had been here longer and put us in leadership roles to serve as mentors for the new staff members. "
1316,1317c1317,1318
< "While I am not in charge of a team of people, I do encourage those around me to do their best. I often ask others for their ideas and try to blend the best of my thoughts with the best of theirs."
< "While I was in Haiti, we were visited by USAID who were scouting out locations to bring dignitaries when they visit the country. Specifically on this trip, they were looking for places to bring the new US Ambassador to Haiti who we found out has a special interest in the eradication of cholera  a disease that ripped through Haiti following the earthquake in 2010. In our village of Cange, there were no cases of cholera following the earthquake which we attribute to a commitment to clean water and sanitation here. The representative from USAID were not familiar with the area and so we had to convey why this was such an important success and why it fits with the Ambassador's vision. While the representative were here, we showed them around all of the projects that the organization has completed and shared facts and figures about each of them. We then sat around and talked about what we thought were some of the biggest issues and successes for the village. All in all, it was a successful meeting and the representative left very impressed that a place like Cange existed in the midst of one of the poorest regions in the country. They said they hoped to bring other important people to visit here and we hope that someday they will."
---
> "While I am not in charge of a team of people, I do encourage those around me to do their best. I often ask others for their ideas and try to blend the best of my thoughts with the best of theirs. "
> "While I was in Haiti, we were visited by USAID who were scouting out locations to bring dignitaries when they visit the country. Specifically on this trip, they were looking for places to bring the new US Ambassador to Haiti who we found out has a special interest in the eradication of cholera Ð a disease that ripped through Haiti following the earthquake in 2010. In our village of Cange, there were no cases of cholera following the earthquake which we attribute to a commitment to clean water and sanitation here. The representative from USAID were not familiar with the area and so we had to convey why this was such an important success and why it fits with the AmbassadorÕs vision. While the representative were here, we showed them around all of the projects that the organization has completed and shared facts and figures about each of them. We then sat around and talked about what we thought were some of the biggest issues and successes for the village. All in all, it was a successful meeting and the representative left very impressed that a place like Cange existed in the midst of one of the poorest regions in the country. They said they hoped to bring other important people to visit here and we hope that someday they will. "
1319c1320
< "While partnering with MBSA, ensuring that their mission and goals with a specific event matched that of the Student Enrichment Office as well."
---
> "While partnering with MBSA, ensuring that their mission and goals with a specific event matched that of the Student Enrichment Office as well. "
1321,1322c1322,1323
< "While planning WISE Choice, the PEER&WISE coordiantor, gave everyone certian tasks to complete so that the program would be planned correctly and no one got overwhelmed."
< "While storyboarding for another Tasty style video, [name], [name], and I all collaborated on how we wanted the video to look. We all had our own ideas in our head but none of them were the same. I really tried to encourage [name] and [name] to get all their ideas out there and then was able to help combine bits of each of our ideas into one."
---
> "While planning WISE Choice, the PEER&WISE coordiantor, gave everyone certian tasks to complete so that the program would be planned correctly and no one got overwhelmed. "
> "While storyboarding for another Tasty style video, Miranda, Ely, and I all collaborated on how we wanted the video to look. We all had our own ideas in our head but none of them were the same. I really tried to encourage Miranda and Ely to get all their ideas out there and then was able to help combine bits of each of our ideas into one."
1325c1326
< "While working in the Tiger Media office, my colleagues and I would often have discussions about the work we were doing. Sometimes we had differing opinions in which we had to maturely explain and understand each others points of view."
---
> "While working in the Tiger Media office, my colleagues and I would often have discussions about the work we were doing. Sometimes we had differing opinions in which we had to maturely explain and understand each others points of view. "
1329,1330c1330,1331
< "While working with the Social Media team, I attended weekly meetings to outline goals and content that we would be creating and uploading during the week. At these meetings I watched one of my bosses, [mentor], organize different interns into teams to accomplish goals most effectively. By doing this, he recognized and capitalized on each person's strengths, and this is something I'd like to get better at myself."
< "While working with the workshop team, the ""table leader"" (a full time employee from the company) encouraged me to record the voice for a video that we were going to include in the presentation of our prototype. Since I am not a native speaker I was not confident about my voice being part of the video. After we presented the video several people from the audience said that the voice in the video was very nice."
---
> "While working with the Social Media team, I attended weekly meetings to outline goals and content that we would be creating and uploading during the week. At these meetings I watched one of my bosses, Robbie Fitzwater, organize different interns into teams to accomplish goals most effectively. By doing this, he recognized and capitalized on each person's strengths, and this is something I'd like to get better at myself."
> "While working with the workshop team, the Òtable leaderÓ (a full time employee from the company) encouraged me to record the voice for a video that we were going to include in the presentation of our prototype. Since I am not a native speaker I was not confident about my voice being part of the video. After we presented the video several people from the audience said that the voice in the video was very nice. "
1332c1333
< With [name] I have helped him discuss options for the video he was working on and give feedback and suggestions. He's done the same for me with my photos. Helping me select some of the better ones or to get rid of a few.
---
> With Andy I have helped him discuss options for the video he was working on and give feedback and suggestions. He's done the same for me with my photos. Helping me select some of the better ones or to get rid of a few.
1335,1337c1336,1338
< "With three interns on the team this summer, [name] had us split up work based on our skills and our interests. I noticed how one intern was in charge of learning and contributing to iOS work, which was lighter, and two of us contributed to backend work, which was of more pressing need. [Name] did a good job meeting team goals while also aligning them with our individual goals as interns."
< Within my internship I noticed a collaboration between my supervisor ([mentor]) and the Fike building coordinator ([name]). They would collaborate on my goals for the semester and evaluating the work I did. I was able to express to them what I thought I could get done and a time frame for it.
< "Within the IT department, [name] did a great job on using the strengths of [name] and [name] to help the building run smoothly. He capitalizes on their technical skills by recognizing and respecting their knowledge of AV and IT."
---
> "With three interns on the team this summer, Sam had us split up work based on our skills and our interests. I noticed how one intern was in charge of learning and contributing to iOS work, which was lighter, and two of us contributed to backend work, which was of more pressing need. Sam did a good job meeting team goals while also aligning them with our individual goals as interns."
> Within my internship I noticed a collaboration between my supervisor (Haley) and the Fike building coordinator (Jimmy). They would collaborate on my goals for the semester and evaluating the work I did. I was able to express to them what I thought I could get done and a time frame for it.
> "Within the IT department, Mark did a great job on using the strengths of Ty and Caleb to help the building run smoothly. He capitalizes on their technical skills by recognizing and respecting their knowledge of AV and IT."
1342,1345c1343,1346
< "Working at a manufactoring plant, I was able to see firsthand how much teamwork was necessary to achieve goals. With all the new launches of X models coming out, all the departments were required to work together so that we could insure that parts were here in time for the different build phases."
< "Working at a small company led to a problem in the middle of the internship where employee morale was very low towards both the company and the owners because of how things were being run. I organized a lunch were all the employees sat down with the owner and discussed what they felt was wrong. Because it is a small business, I felt comfortable enough to address the low morale employees and tell them the only way it'll ever get better is to address the issues. Kinda seemed like a high school situation."
< "Working everyday in a subset office of the Clemson Abroad office was enjoyable because I was able to be working very closely with the 2 other full-time employees in my team. There were many times when the 3 of us would have open discussions about different goals in the office, how to structure presentation, how to communicate important messages to students and how to execute our vision. Though both people in my office are full time employees, they created a space where I was comfortable to encourage discussion on my own and express my points of view that were able to change mindsets at times."
< "Working with other college students, I got an idea of their strengths and weaknesses and when I was put with those coworkers we would reassign our roles and duties based on each other's strengths."
---
> "Working at a manufactoring plant, I was able to see firsthand how much teamwork was necessary to achieve goals. With all the new launches of X models coming out, all the departments were required to work together so that we could insure that parts were here in time for the different build phases. "
> "Working at a small company led to a problem in the middle of the internship where employee morale was very low towards both the company and the owners because of how things were being run. I organized a lunch were all the employees sat down with the owner and discussed what they felt was wrong. Because it is a small business, I felt comfortable enough to address the low morale employees and tell them the only way it'll ever get better is to address the issues. Kinda seemed like a high school situation. "
> "Working everyday in a subset office of the Clemson Abroad office was enjoyable because I was able to be working very closely with the 2 other full-time employees in my team. There were many times when the 3 of us would have open discussions about different goals in the office, how to structure presentation, how to communicate important messages to students and how to execute our vision. Though both people in my office are full time employees, they created a space where I was comfortable to encourage discussion on my own and express my points of view that were able to change mindsets at times. "
> "Working with other college students, I got an idea of their strengths and weaknesses and when I was put with those coworkers we would reassign our roles and duties based on each other's strengths. "
1350c1351
< "ZF has a large number of interns,and sometimes you need an intern from different department to work with you in a project, so communicating with different teams, understanding the functioning and achieving a common goal is what you go through every day in ZF."
---
> "ZF has a large number of interns,and sometimes you need an intern from different department to work with you in a project, so communicating with different teams, understanding the functioning and achieving a common goal is what you go through every day in ZF."
\ No newline at end of file
